# Shaping Understandings of Value
**by _Jon Halls and Jaione Cerrato_**

Art is important to our society. It allows the growth of our society separate from the goals of capitalism by disrupting spaces and allowing society to keep transforming and not be constrained by this box and to this path that is laid out before us. 

There are countless times where artists have repurposed technologies/medias made for our economy to speak out to the world, to let society know that we can do more than what we can see. Art has changed the lives of people who once sat behind a television, who had once had accepted that they were going to take in life the way life was given to them. But art has opened up the realm to understanding that the cliche phrase “life is what you make out of it” is something we can perceive as true and something to live by.

Art drives us to builds community within our society.The article talks about how we can connect with people by having art in a physical space. We engage and cross-pollinate ideas. The art drives a conversation that allows us to see through eyes other than our own. Art teaches us to not dwell on our own personal biases. 

But there are forms that inhibit growth. The article states that we are in a “technocratic state”. They explain that those who speak out on their opinions in a private space hold all the power there. It’s due to the fact that they are allowed to speak their mind without having to worry about the counter-opinions. There is no real-time debate. These specific spaces are provided so that the speakers opinions get through, right or wrong. This might influence someone who is open-minded and less opinionated and create a form of bias within that person. This article is against this and believes that art spaces can do the opposite,  that they are open and allow discussions to happen. And it is not only about countering someone, it’s also about building upon that idea. The  type of community that art spaces create is vital to the growth of our society and allows us to open up our minds to allow more different ways of perceiving things. 

Studying at SJSU provides another sense of community. This is a form of the art space that Halls and Cerrato talk about, but with art students. We do share ideas and focus on how different someone might perceive our own artwork. We do build upon each others ideas and form debates on how something could improve through critiques and even through organizations. The connections we gain through here can last beyond the walls of the university, and I think that is repurposing the university, which enforces this idea of competition, into something that is more communal and 

They way that Halls and Cerrato describe this type of art society, makes it seem that art has the power to connect what society is today to a newly constructed idea that can drive the viewers to think of a better future and a better today. Because this new idea is in a form compared to society today, it makes it reasonable and allows the viewers to see it as something possible. We can use technology-based art as an example . It forms ideas with the technologies that we have today and inspire others by reiterating the idea of “possible”. It creates this drive of, “if he/she can do it, I can do it” because it is tangible and we know it wasn’t created from magic! 
