# Reading Four Response

To begin with, I do think that art is very important in society for variety of reasons. We need pleasing things to look at and visualize to give us that "feel-good" feeling. It offers different ways of critically thinking about many subjects, thoughts, and ideas which in turn can give meaning or potential interpretation to it. Outside of economy, art is the splash of color and creativity on a blank canvas that is the world. "The generation that we are part of is only offered multiple choices, each vying to win. Limited by an education that fosters capitalistic competition, we see the other as a rival instead of a collaborator" is one of the quotes that stuck with me from the reading. It makes sense for qualified individuals to be rewarded for their work. Although, I feel bad thinking about everyone who also tried their best and potentially end up getting nothing out of the competition. I'm here in San Jose State to learn more about Game Design, coding and programing in its entirety, as well as gaining more knowledge about "life" such as social interactions and self-care. My overall goal is to obtain all the necessary skills to work within the game industry or at the very least in web development. I am completely aware that everyone around me are competitors aiming for similar goals. My mindset in all of this is let us all compete with honor and may the best competitor win. Should I lose then I will continue to compete until I have reached my goal or I will find a different interest and aim for a more reachable goal. In a way, our fellow competitors also act as collaborators, because they can possibly teach us something new which can further one's knowledge. I do believe it is economically viable to be an artist in Silicon Valley, but depends on what type of art you create and where you work. Since Silicon Valley is very heavily tech based, digital media artist or artist who are very familiar with technology will probably have a higher chance of becoming a successful artist especially in 2019 where technology is growing at an incredible rate. I'm not particularly sure how technology can evolve this model and drive the narrative, but I'm sure that it has the potential to do so. If the subject is about the rapid growth and advancements within technology, perhaps we can make an art show showing "old school" inventions that basically pioneered some of the modern tech. The internet plays a large part in this day and age because information spreads and travels almost everywhere making it more possible to demonstrate and present concepts and ideas through text, video, and images. And in doing so, expands different cultures. For example, gaming culture can be shared worldwide which can inspire or influence individuals into becoming gamers. Simply spreading the knowledge or idea of something can bring millions of people together to form a culture around that knowledge or idea.
