# Reading 4 

This essay’s message about what art can do in a society that values the economy rather than society’s values is another acknowledgement about the importance of art. I think art is another way of educating, starting a conversation, or sparking debate about issues or about how society is impacting artists and the communities they live in; there is more to art than just a mode of self-expression. 
The essay also mentions what capitalism does to us and how we perceive each other. In the capitalist model, we go through the education system in order to gain the skills needed to get into that high-wage job while being surrounded by people who are trying to do the same thing - competition. Because of the fact that companies are hiring the best, everyone is in competition with one another, and as a result, we become distant from each other.


Art, as the authors explain it, is the polar opposite. I agree with the point that art is meant to help us connect to and empathize with one another. Because many artists use art as a means of self-expression, we, the viewers, get to peek into the artist’s realm of thinking and how they perceive the world - something we don’t get to experience every day. This example and I believe in the reading the authors mentioned the use of technology as means of connection. This reminded me about the conversation that we’ve developed technology to connect us together with people from all over the world. Yet, we feel disconnected and the feeling of competition rises again. As an example, I remember a commentary about Facebook and how it filters people’s life events to show up more often on people’s live feed. As everyone is posting about their lives and about their successes, there’s a sense of pressure to achieve that happy life. This also reminded me of how dependent on technology society has become. We use applications for almost every single thing about our lives - from how to get somewhere, where to look for resources, and even meeting people. We have lost touch with physically interacting with the world and with each other. The essay emphasizes the fact that while we’ve made significant societal progress, we’re deteriorating meaningful relationships and connections in pursuit of greater things. 


Another point in the reading that I agree with is that art provides the public a space for debate, reaction, and education. I feel that commercial art such as video games and movies are the biggest platforms for discussions about the world’s progress and its problems. In addition, I think that movies and video games are a different way of sharing information in a creative way, and because of the commercialization, games and movies are more accessible. This could also be a problem for non-commercial art because they are not as easily accessible as watching movies or as interesting as buying video games. The authors claim that art gives the public the space to counteract capitalist values, but the problem with this is getting people who are not familiar with the arts to enter that space. This becomes the question of does art benefit only artists and that community? If artists can get more and more people who are not familiar with the art community, then we can start to build a better society that is more educated and more empathetic. 
