In the article, “Shaping Understandings of Value,” Jon Halls and Jaione Cerrato discusses how art is being perceived in a economic-pursuant society. As a current college student majoring in art, I often get a lot of concerns from family and relatives about my field. Most concerns that I receive are related to financial stability. Will I be able to obtain a viable source of income to survive this economy? I, too, ponder upon this question, but I am still in the field despite my grandparents constantly asking whether or not I have switched to another major other than art. 

Being competitors rather than collaborators is a topic the authors have discussed. Especially through social media platforms such as Facebook, Linkedin, and Instagram, every person is competing with each other due to economic demands. Subjects like being the richest man alive to having the most followers on Instagram are demonstrating our value and the amount power/influence we have over other people. We often look at numbers because that is what we have been bombarded with the day we were born. Net-worth, gross income, bills. Our society has taught us that everything comes with a price. So, how has art evolved in a way that makes us look at things beyonds numerical value?

As Halls and Cerrato states, “art is a question for the everyday.” It can tackle on important social, political, economic, and cultural issues encompassing the current space and time. It allows others to enter a space of open interpretation and conversation. We need to connect with others on an emotional level to function. Thus, looking at art allows multiple spaces to exist.

Halls and Cerrato also mentions that “we cannot quantify how art will affect society, yet it is a vital part of society…” Because the term art is so broad, many often associate it with classical paintings and traditional drawings. However, we see art and design more often than we think about it. The TV commercials, posters, advertisements, photos, and architecture are within the art dynamic, but is often overlooked due to how marketing and consumerism drives our society.

As for me, why am I continuing to pursue Digital Media Arts? I wanted to explore a field that I am passionate about and want to learn more of. I wanted to see how art can shape me intellectually and creatively. In addition, I wanted to become an example and voice for my younger siblings who have yet to find what they want to do or be when they are older. Our economy has built a social construct in which every person in life has a contribution they must take in life whether it be through an occupation or skill set. 

As our society continues to advance industrially, I believe that there will be a place for me in Silicon Valley. The realm of videography, virtual and augmented reality, projection mapping, gaming, and others are becoming more and more apparent. As artists, we do have the power to shape opinion. Technology-based art will allow the viewers to enter an immersive experience of our current time. I can see it through the rise of interactive art exhibits and environments.
