// Reading 4

Art has always been a part of society as well as the different types of art, including style or form, have shaped our culture. Our world has formed a bubble around the definition of the word “art”, and the public has just classified it as “a painting” or “a drawing”, but there is actually so much more to it. In the article, “Shaping Understandings of Value”, Jon Halls and Jaione Cerrato state that art is an everyday question and it is “a question about beauty, functionality, identity, and existence within a space” (Halls and Cerrato), implicitly describing how art is more than just a painting or just a drawing. 
To some extent, art has shaped our community. If we look around us, we will see that everything has gone through some kind of design or art in order to look like how it is now. The text states that “artistic spaces allow these thoughts and skills to be developed and felt communally” (Halls and Cerrato), portraying a sense of creativity and imagination in the world, which may also refer to digital art as well. Being a digital artist in silicon valley in 2019 seems valuable in terms of creativity and artistic skills. As technology continues to advance, we are continuously modeling new robots or new devices that make our world a “more convenient” and easier place. However, it is vital for an artist to have a creative mind and imagination, as that is not something a robot has. It is interesting how Halls and Cerrato also mentioned that “as we reflect on the amorality of the economy, the context created by society will necessarily shape the economy” (Halls and Cerrato), art can in a sense build our society. 
The internet has always been a part of my life, but when I was younger, it was not as big as it is now. 
Today, the internet plays a huge role in everyone’s lives, as we are always Googling images, questions, or inspirations. Back when the internet was not as popular, I would look for children’s books or watch cartoons as inspiration. By watching cartoons, I would try to draw them out myself and copy drawings from books. The internet seems to have structured our society today, as we believe everything that we see online is true. From news reports to different videos and pictures, the audience tends to believe every headline or every caption that is posted. 
Studying digital media at SJSU is interesting because we are located in Silicon Valley and our school “allow spaces to change (are) remain flexible” (Halls and Cerrato), in terms of offering gallery spaces to students for exhibitions. In the galleries, we are able to change the space into any kind of environment we want, which challenges students to think outside the box in order to make an “out of this world” experience for the audience. From the things we learn at the university, we are constantly growing and adapting to how society perceives art and the different values that of art as a whole.
