
Art is something that can put a hole in society if it was erased out of society. Without art, the visuals of a lot of subjects will disappear and we would be almost blind to a certain point. Art has been a part of human history since we were able to use our hands to draw something as simple as a line. We are able to tell stories through art and even write down history, like the cave paintings. I personally believe that art is not meant to be something for monetary gain, but for passion and expression. Yes, in this world today, we as artists have to make a living and our art is one of those primary ways, but in the end, I feel like art is more of a way to express creativity, emotions, and ideas more than just doing it for the monetary gain. It also can serve as a way to meditate as well and just zone out. Art can also help others in visualizing things that they would have never thought can be visualized. All in all, art is a crucial part of society and it is not by just monetary reasons, but art is crucial to the artists themselves, especially if it acts like a gateway to bettering the self. 
<br>
As for me, the reason why I am here working in an art school is to learn new tools that will benefit me in the future when creating more art. I plan to work in the gaming industry, because of my love of games in general. I’ve always wanted to create my own world and make the aesthetics of that certain world. Another reason why I am here is to also find out who I am as a person, because I am still unsure if the route, I am taking is the best route for me. In terms of it being economically viable to be an artist in the silicon valley in 2019, I personally think it is, because artists are need in certain jobs in the silicon valley, whether it be to make banners for products or ads, it is a crucial part of the economy. Artists can also help with testing new inventions created by engineers in the silicon valley, or even create their own. Artists can still do many things wherever they are that will benefit the economy and society in general.
Technology just basically helps spreads the artworks created by artists. As technology evolves, so does artists and their work. It will spread faster and technology-based art can use these new technology to create more unique art that can connect with a large population of people. The internet is basically the messenger in that it helps spread news of everything major almost instantly. It can form many cultures, like meme culture, and will continue to develop as time goes on. In the end, as technology grows and as artists grows, everything will change and eventually it will produce new ideas and creative minds. 
