 In the article it talks about how art cannot be quantified as a vital part of society and its absence is detrimental. I think this is very true because without art a lot of things would not be working in this world. This statement I think is true because art is in most things in the world like sports, technology, architecture, and a lot more than just paintings and what we consider to be “art”. Art in my opinion isn’t just about what people consider to be paintings, installations, and sculptures it goes beyond as a larger part of our society just like any other subject such as technology and economy. 

In Silicon Valley artists are definitely economically viable even in 2019. With the way technology is set up now we artists have more ways to express the issues and concerns that we have in society or even in any other types of subjects. Artists can achieve more success now that we have other platforms or mediums to use in todays technology that could express the things we are concerned about in society. If anything, I think Silicon Valley enhances an artists chance of becoming a more successful artists because Silicon Valley has other mediums that people couldn’t normally use every day. A lot more people are also fond of technology in the Silicon Valley so as artists use the mediums that people are fond of it increases their chance to be economically viable.

Also, the article says that we as artists need to tread carefully as a moral entity that could shape people’s opinion so we just need to address the problem instead of enforcing it. I think this statement is very true as an artist because as an art student I think we just need to figure out the problem that is not being discussed by society and inform people that the society is not focusing on the problems at hand. That’s why artists make their work so subjective so that people could decide for themselves what they feel about the topic that the artists’ are trying to get people to be aware of. This also ties in that most artists are trying to just get the issue aware to people that sometimes they don’t even get paid for the work that they put out. Even though sometimes people make a lot of money through making art some artists just want to do the work and create a space for people to make a discussion about their work or topic they are trying to invoke. That’s why if artists or art were to ever be taken out in our society we would have a great loss in our community about things we need to discuss as a community.
