## Shaping Understanding

What I really got from this is questioning the value of art within a conceptual, a social, and a financial/economical standing point and I will honestly say, from peronal expereience, that I felt that I've been conflicted with this idea for a while.   

There was also one line here that I felt was very revelent:

**_"The generation that we are part of is only offered multiple choices, each vying to win. Limited by an education that fosters capitalistic competition, we see the other as a rival instead of a collaborator."_**

To me and to many others even outside of the arts, this feels like, or in some extreme cases actually is, reality. This may, or may not, be the unfortunalte side of the capitalist country that we're living in. There is so many of us wanting to do the same thing that it is very easy to fall into this generic term that others keep associating us to. The real way that I've been seeing to **"help"** stand out among that group is to create a public presence or create something that people find interesting among the others. Even then, some actions can be exteremely brief and with so many people doing the same thing it again goes back to being a competition on who can stand out the most. I'm even aware how several companies like Blizzard Entertainment have stated in there SJSU visit previously that a person's best chance of employment and anwareness via the contests that they set up. Sometimes I think that hard work alone isn't enough anymore too. Being awarded for their hard work does and should make sense. However, sometimes they may not get anything for their hard work other may have some advantage like connections or recommandations. 

Here I am in SJSU learning Digital Media Art in terms of 3D modeling, Game Design, Programing in all its shapes and forms. My ultimate goal here is to work within a well-known gaming or filming industry and have my name presented in the credits. Unfortunatly, I know, or at least am aware, that there were, are, and going to be others wanting the same thing and are competiting for that spot. The ideal way as I would like to see it is that everyone is fair and may the best one win. Should they fail they would learn from both from the other competitors and judges and properly adjusted until they win or when they find new interest and goals; That way the competitors also act as collaborators, giving others a new prepective or idea that they can learn from. Times are evolving with new developments occuring constatnly such as the development of ideals, tools, and techniques unknown or unheard of before becoming widespread. What we can do now can inspire the next generation to become whom they grown up with where the next generation in turn can take "older" idea and bring a newer prepective on the matter to create something that would then insprie their next generation and so on.
