Shaping Understandings
	
  Specifically regarding this society and other similarly developed societies, the internet provides an open community for artist to engage with an audience and start a dialogue. The article “Shaping Understandings of Value” touches on the importance of artists in a society that seems to require a measurable quantity to determine value. The measurable quantity that is focused on in the US always lies in economic values and creating a product that increases this value to maintain a competitive edge on the world around us. This consumes communities and diminishes positive aspects of our social nature. People get lost in the search for economic prosperity and the nature of society becomes about the individual achievements of certain people rather than the elevation of the community at large. It is up to an artist to decide whether or not they want to participate in art in a competitive way as to feed to into this economically driven narrative or if they want to participate in art as to uplift communities and provide meaningful engagement. These aren’t mutually exclusive goals, plenty of artists have gained monetary success while maintaining certain principles, however artist have been rewarded in this digital age with greater quantities of monetary gain for fitting a mold, for being something they are not in order to appeal to the highest number of people. I personally hold no animosity towards people choosing the latter path, its extremely hard to forgo personal achievement to give to people who might not react to you the way that you feel is appropriately reciprocal. 

Being an artist is not something that will guarantee anyone money, a person shouldn’t go to school to be an artist if their ultimate goal is to be unfathomably wealthy, the chances of that are slim. The internet era provides artists with a platform to expose their art and earn a living for it, but rarely does that translate into a luxurious lifestyle. An artist is someone who seeks to project themselves on a platform so that they can relay a message of some sort. They have to expose themselves to the world and they seek a connection beyond what others care to experience in order to impact people or the world around them. This means taking different paths from the people who chose paths that can be considered safer. An artist must seek value in their work and that must be what drives them as opposed to wealth. The reason I’m an artist is because I’ve never felt my life is supposed to fit an image set out by society. I have my own ideas and my own perspective. This mindset makes it unfulfilling for me to do what is expected of me, I require a sense of freedom and creativity that is only present in a creative field. I also wish to be to other people what other artists have been to me. I think if a person is genuine in their pursuits of fulfillment then economic success can’t be a legitimate qualifier for how much a person has achieved in their life.
