Shaping Understandings of Value

  Is art important in society? In some cases, I think art creates a society. Art styles and techniques can be used to build a culture and help other cultures understand each other. We all have different languages but can communicate through art without words. One culture can look at an art piece of another’s and might not understand the message through words of that other culture but could understand through the art being presented. It allows us to communicate in ways that we couldn’t have just through words. Although language in itself is a very appreciated complex art form, not all of us can understand it within a couple of minutes like we could an art piece, no matter what culture created it. 
  Have we lost this universal communication of art in the internet? The text brings up the point that “our reliance on digital space to come together fails to match physical engagement.” We might be losing the emotion and expression that comes from physical art in the digital world. Today’s art practice has become very isolated when art can only truly thrive in a physical space. Not saying that the digital world that we live in is bad because it really has advanced us as a society in so many ways but could we be using it differently. Shouldn’t we be using the platform to create spaces in which our society can connect emotionally and thoughtfully again? 
  With technology I think we can change the world physically. For years we have been trashing the earth and machine and technical production has not made matters worse. Some of our most famous once thriving ecosystems are dying and just seems to get worse. IF we put the time, effort, and resources that we put into say making the next iPhone into systems that could help reduce say the rapid amount of greenhouse gasses being thrown into the atmosphere I think we could drastically change the state of our world for the better. I never really thought of using my digital media education for going into a field like that but now I’m thinking why not. I have seen plenty of websites and art pieces that advocate and speak up for the planet. Groups that have  raised awareness about the state it’s in and I could easily use what I learn here to create for the cause. 
  That’s where we need to create more spaces for change to happen. If we used our platforms to post meaningful works and quick thoughts it would be for something good. We would have all kinds of ideas from different cultures which I think is important in order to achieve maximum amount of brainstorming. The art that comes out of this communitive collaboration could have the potential to bring change and emotional physical connections that we are failing to continue. I would like to learn enough here to apply it in the real world to be a part of this change. 
