## Shaping Understandings of Value
The article “Shaping Understanding of Value” by by Jon Halls and Jaione Cerrato stated that human always have question about art, and art has been beyond just paintings and drawings. Art is very important in our society in many different aspect. Art is a form of entertaining, of admiration, of the world’s reflection. “We cannot quantify how art will affect society, yet it is a vital part of society and its absence is detrimental. Without our ability to empathize, and connect with one another through emotional intelligence, society will stop functioning.” I can’t imagine a world without art. Will it be monotonic? Will human has no emotion like robot? Art has shape our community in a way we can’t expect. Everything around us now has its design which related to art, not to mention any artworks. Even though we might not notice, but art has become an extremely important part of our life.

I have thought a lot about the reason why I studied art. When I was a child, I love drawing; I love using color to express my emotion. But I didn’t have time to keep my passion in art. My life at that time was all about homework and school, I quitted art. Had a chance to take an art class, I realized how much I missed using my creativity to express myself, to be me. The more I learn about art, the more I feel grateful for choosing art as my major. It has a power to heal my soul. On the other hand, I also had to consider whether studied art can help me to earn a living or not. And Silicon Valley is a good place for art. This area has multiethnic that helps me to easily blend in, to add my color in the palate. It also converges all the top companies like Apple, Facebook, Google and many more where I can be free to express my creativity. Lifestyle here is busy and full of vitality. It is not only a good place to make art, but also a perfect place to grow an artistic soul.

Technology nowadays has become a tool to make art, to turn what we’ve always imagine be real. Take a movie I’ve watched lately, “Alita Battle Angel” as an example, this movie was based on a Japanese anime which was drew in the 90s. The filmmaker James Cameron had always wanted to transform it to a movie, but he had to wait more than 10 years for technology to develop to be able to have the best scene. As a result, the movie’s effect is amazing, and I can tell it worth the wait. Just from this simple example, technology is proved to be a tool in art practice. Internet also plays an important role in life. Before without internet, information was only been known through television and newspaper. Information was very narrow due to how the controller wanted us to know. Nowadays, with internet, we can have information all around the world with different perspective. Whatever you have question about, just google to find the answer, faster, more convenient than pre-internet. Internet has form a culture for user.
