From the reading “Shaping Understandings of Value”, it questions the value for what art can be. It allows the viewers to think about what their art can express. When they said “By interrupting every day with a physical space, public artistic spaces became possible and plausible locations for creating collective visions and common understandings of what social values can be” I thought about virtual reality and augmented reality because of the concept about disruption in plausible locations. With these newer mediums, artists are able to experiment with where the artwork can be. This will allow the artist and the viewers to observe time and space in a 3-dimensional view. It could help narrates what they want to express through a different dimension which can be a disruption but just not viewable without the tools. 
<br>
<br>
It then talks about public artist showing collections to help understand what the social values are now. Art today is important in society art is used as a form to question everything. It could raise questions about what we value in society. It is to be a reflective experience aimed for individuals. As for artists in silicon valley in 2019, we are heading towards digital arts where we utilize technology to help us narrate our ideas in different media. It could be video, projection mapping, sound, Arduino and more. In a sense, we are learning why we use these new mediums as a form of art and we try to explore and experiment with them. We would start of having a concept but then we question why a certain medium is the best choice for the concept. With that in mind, we are learning what the value of the medium is. In school we don’t just learn about the technical aspects of how to makes things, we try to raise questions like “why are we making art? How would this be considered art?” We try to aim for a conceptual idea where it could be personal and something that is a major impact on society. Either or, we focus on the “why” more.  
<br>
Art is used as a major tool that helps translate the understanding of society. I thought it was true when he stated “ Rather, they will lead to a more reflective experience that transforms into a collective memory, aiming for an interpersonal experience between the individual, the collective, subject matter, and context of time and place itself by giving them both space and time to explore what they value individually and communally”. Art could translate different meanings to a variety of people where they would get one main concept but they’ll also put their own personal thoughts into it. With that rhythm, it simplifies the difficult questions where it makes it easier to ask harder questions in society. 



