### Reading Four: Shaping Understandings of Value

*Shaping Understandings of Value* by Jon Halls and Jaione Cerrato was an interesting read that addresses the importance of art and how it affects society. Art has always played an important role in daily life; whether it be in advertisement, propaganda, product design, public art, interior design, architecture, etc. Personally, I believe that without art, life would be boring — life would be dull, colorless, monotone, and empty. Art makes life interesting: creativity, originality, and imagination add another dimension to our world and makes it compelling, amusing, and beautiful. In the reading, the authors state that “...art’s presence should be participatory and transformative, allowing spaces to change and remain flexible… We cannot quantify how art will affect society, yet it is a vital part of society and its absence is detrimental. Without our ability to empathize, and connect with one another through emotional intelligence, society will stop functioning. ” I agree with these statements because art can be very interactive even if we do not physically manipulate or play with it directly. Similar to what John Berger says in *Ways of Seeing*, the “still [and] soundless” presence of an artwork can have a “connecting moment… at which you are looking at it and something travels down that corridor at a speed greater than light, throwing into question a way of measuring time itself.” There is an unspoken bond that we have with art that truly influences the way in which we perceive the world. They can evoke thoughts, emotions, and questions that can be applied to everyday life. Moreover, art can reflect cultural values, beliefs, and identities. They can be used to represent different groups of people, communities, our personal lives, and experiences — whether through traditional artwork, tattoo art, body piercings, clothing, fashion, etc.  

In addition, the authors state, “... the artist must not enforce their opinions through the work onto the audience. Instead, the artist should provoke the audience to question the artistic response, and in doing so spark a curiosity that will allow the individual to reflect on their role in an emancipatory society.” I find this detail to be very important because even though artists can have a huge impact on society and impose their opinions on the whole, it is important to advocate for critical thinking especially in a society that values freedom of speech and individualism. It is important to raise questions about certain situations that could be detrimental to humans and animals alike and bring about awareness to troubling events. 

On an educational scale, I believe that art school, including the study of art, is crucial because it teaches more than just your traditional practices of drawing or painting. It teaches critical thinking, problem solving, originality, and creativity which are all essential to our way of life. In addition, with the advancement of technology, art has taken on many different forms and mediums such as digital art, video, projection mapping, 3D modeling and printing, AR/VR, etc. allowing people (who do not necessarily study in the art field) and artists to experiment and explore with what interests them the most. 
	
In regards to economic value, monetary profits have become an decisive factor in the art world. With the rise of the art black market, many original artworks are being sold off in auctions reaching millions of dollars, however, majority of the profit is not seen by the artist him/herself. Unfortunately in today’s society, very few artists seldomly see sizeable profits from selling their work to art collectors, museums, galleries, etc. Rather, a lot of the profit seen today is prevalent in social media through sponsorships on platforms such as Instagram, Youtube, or personal blogs.
