Shaping Understandings of Value

Art provides us with an outlet to examine possible alternatives to our current social values and beliefs. This is extremely 
important, especially now since technology is moving faster than ever. This technological revolution is creating a shift in 
our society since the current capitalistic narrative we are living out: “cannot offer a location for societies where the 
interflow of class, ethnicity, culture and diversity of ideas and opinions can occur.” As our society is being impacted by all
of this, we are forced to look elsewhere for answers and I believe art is a great place to start. Art helps guide the artist 
but also viewers in coming up with new ideas and helping think through any possible problem. The whole point of art is to 
question and hold a mirror up to ourselves and society. This is critical, for if we were not forced to take a step back and 
evaluate who we are and the flaws we have, we would never grow and improve on them. Jon Halls and Jaione Cerrato bring up a 
very good point when describing how art-driven oppositions will be contextual platforms for our changing society. For example,
I agree that art connects people and that the foundation of a society in and of itself is completely based on 
interconnectivity. Art is a great way to bond others who not only have similar ideas, but also opposing ones. Expanding upon 
this, art creates a safe place where people can problem shoot and share various perspectives. This is incredibly useful and
arguably even necessary if we are to hope to grow as an accepting and inclusive society. The second point brought up by Jon
Halls and Jaione Cerrato in respects to this contextual platform, is that we must navigate a very vulnerable and even 
politically influenced space. When describing this second point, Jon Halls and Jaione Cerrato bring up a certain context. To 
be exact, “in this context we are exposed to the engagement of others in a specific subject.” When reading this article, it 
was not made clear to me what exactly the context was. I guessed that the “given context” was referring to the connectivity of
society or possibly even art itself, however this did not make sense to me and confused me. For the sake of this writing, I 
will assume that the context in question is art. If this is the case, I do not completely agree with this statement. Yes, I 
can acknowledge that art is a powerful tool, now so more than ever do to the integration of technology, and can be interpreted
in many ways both “good” and “bad”. Based off of this mutual agreement, art naturally plays a role in political factors. Art 
has always had a large role in politics throughout history, this can be seen in War propaganda and pieces that reflected 
radical political views. For example, the SJMA currently has a solo exhibition by Dinh Q. Lê that is solely about war and 
migration of the Vietnamese people. This most definitely has an underlying political commentary on war and refugees that some 
may not agree with. Even so, I believe that it is an artist’s duty to create work that will push comfort and spread ideas 
regardless of monetary factors and politics. Art and technology are tools that needs to be exercised in order to spread 
knowledge and open people up to other perspectives and ideas. It is my belief that knowledge is power and that an ignorant 
society is a failed one.
