Wesley Bower
Art 104
Reading 4
Art in Society
	Reading Shaping Understandings of Value by Jon Halls and Jaione Cerrato made me appreciate the arts and being part of a community larger than me. I am in school for the arts because I really think that expressing myself is important and I believe that I can help society by doing so. After studying art and expression, and reading when the writers talked about how we do not know how art will affect society, yet it is necessary, I think communities are the most important thing to the arts. With everyone having an opinion, the most important thing is to be able to share those opinions in a safe space, with the goal of interacting and coming together to work out ideas and problems as a collective and collaborative mind. 
	It really struck me deep when they mentioned that society has molded our ideas of the other into a competitor, when really if we thought of everyone as a collaborator, we could come together and put our heads together to get so much more done. 
	One benefit of technology is that it has created a global village where everyone is connected, and the world seems much smaller. The internet has allowed people separated by vast space to come together and unite with their ideas and forms communities that stretch across countries. The interconnectivity of the internet has already become a major factor in the development of society, and will continue to be integrated in the future, until it is the basis. 
	Recently a good friend and I have been talking about the extremely talented people that exist around us, and how we can celebrate and make each other greater by coming together in communities. The age of collaboration is here, and small communities already exist with the hopes of sharing ideas. 
	We have both been talking for a long time now about having art meets. We want to create local spaces that are safe for sharing ideas without judgement, in the hopes of creating shared experiences and spreading creativity. I think that allowing a critique of each other’s work would be another great aspect, because I want other people to help me improve and to help other improve as well. We both agree that creating a community just needs people and a little bit of work, and that the creative people are already surrounding us!
	We have also been taking for a long time about making a website where we post issues containing art by local artists, stories about them, and interviews with them about important topics. We have been outlining and planning ways to connect these two ideas we have about creating a community physically through art meets and creating a community digitally through issues of local culture being posted online. What we have come up with, I think, is an online magazine. We really want to make it about the community, but reading this article felt almost like destiny. I am glad that other people think the same way as us, and with a community of creative people putting their heads together, only more creativity can come out of it. I am very much excited about what is to come, but I do believe that all the ideas that I have been formulating in school have really led to this opportunity to create a link between smaller communities and in turn a bigger community. Learning about how art affects society in school makes me want to make something bigger than myself, and something that will last beyond me. 
