Reading 4


In the article “Shaping Understanding of the Value”, Jon Halls and Jaione Cerrato talk about art and its value in today’s society. I agree with the point that art is a vital part of our society and its absence is detrimental. Without our ability to empathize, and connect with one another through emotional intelligence, society will stop functioning. Artistic spaces allow these thoughts and skills to be developed and felt communally. By encouraging collective learning through social emancipation the aim lies in developing collective decision-making to redress the imbalance of choice and individualism with social responsibility in a democratic manner. 

Throughout the ages, Art has always played a crucial role in life and it still is very important for society. Everything we see in art, from the architecture to movies and books. Art is created for a specific purpose, it has a way of expressing ideas and beliefs of a person who created it, it records the experience of the artist. Because art is a way of human expression; and is also a way to communicate, therefore, it is important in society. 


Art is imagined to exist in a realm of value that lies beyond and beneath mere economic considerations. I believe that art is not supposed to be created for the money. Thinking about today’s world, money is an important measure, maybe the highest measure, of artistic accomplishment. I also think that most art now act inside of a larger economy, but some art is still created to deliver a message to society. Everyone can be in artist -making stuff that can be shared, traded or sold, but not everyone can make art that has the power to effect real change in the world. 


I can think of many reasons why I am in an art school in Silicon Valley, however, Im not sure if it is economically viable to be an artist here in 2019 unless you’re a famous artist. The environment here is very competitive, so artists need to work hard to become famous. Because there is a very high percentage of the population that works within the tech sector here in Silicon Valley, artists are interested in merging art and technology here. There is a bog room for the art and cultural sector; people are interacting with the arts online with their devices. There is a very prolific use of technology for accessing the arts here. Thinking about the influence of the Internet in our lives, I think that it transforming human life towards a more enlightened and creative existence because art is becoming affordable to anyone who has access to the Internet. It is a very powerful  tool that influence and shape human behavior and thinking.
