Art is definitely important, I don’t think that that idea is really logically up for debate.  This week’s reading made some 
valid points about art’s impact, issues and where it’s heading moving forward.  
	
  First and foremost, it’s important to understand that art is a staple in society.  As society continues to evolve,aesthetics impact our moods and other aspects of our personalities and identities.  It is also important to note that with the evolution
of art and what is now considered art that may not have been in the 1980’s for example, art is literally present everywhere 
we look or go.  This reason alone solidifies its relevance and importance in society.  Outside of the monetary value and aspect of art, today’s art may very well express a message, whether it be political or otherwise, that supersedes the monetary value of the piece. In fact, many digital artists flood the web with art for free, this was evident in the most recent presidential elections for example. 
 
In relation to my art, I like to think that I follow suit with these same ideals.  Much like Jon Halls and Jaione Cerrato pointed out in Shaping Understandings of Value, in attempting to keep up with the ever evolving art scene, it’s extremely important to create a space that shakes up the norm and ultimately gets people involved and talking.  This is what I aim to do with my creations.  I love creating digital art that resonates with the community in which I identify with.  While I do get paid for the initial designs, the companies that purchase them share them via websites and social media pages that reach thousands.  Since this essentially creates a trickle effect of people sharing and liking the images, in my opinion, the message value of the piece outweighs the monetary value.  

While I still think it’s economically viable to be an artist in Silicon Valley, I think it’s largely dependent on what someone considers “art” and what type of art an artist is interested in pursuing and creating.  While Silicon Valley is still largely considered a hub for digital art and design,  it’s not often specified that it loosely is referring to “corporate art”.  By this I mean graphic design and sales art.  I think it’s safe to place web development as an artistic form underneath the same umbrella.  However, if as an artist I wanted to continue creating the type of art that I do now, and continue to resonate and represent the same communities that I have been, it doesn’t seem like the best option for me to pursue a career specifically in Silicon Valley.  It makes more sense for me to submerge myself in the communities that I’m trying to represent.  
