*XenoFeminism*
---
From the reading, they talk about the bias upon technology; that we rely on it so much and tend to favor it over other things in our lives. We use these technologies to replace the things that we lack. Society sometimes prefers technology over humans. These  I feel that this is true for the most part. Some things that connect to this notion is using  a cellphone. It is capable of doing many things. And one thing we might all rely on it for is the memory. In my own experience, it inhibits me from using my own memory. I feel that I forget more than I need to because I rely so much on my digital memory that is encased in this phone. There’s no reason for me to keep it in my head if I can access it anytime from my phone. There is a bias in the workplace, it is changing, and more people are being displaced from their jobs. At one point i time, there will be self driving semi trucks that will deem truck-drivers jobless. The bias is that technology will do a better job than the human, and there will be less error, and also less deaths.

The article also discusses the idea that males have more power over women, especially in the workplace. And back then, there was a thought  in which that “reason and rationality” were explorations of the male mind and not so much a females. They state that even the females that rise in the workforce of technology are not getting paid as much as these men and they end up working a job that is not aspiring, not vigorous. Women should not be pushed into this corner just because of their genders.

It was interesting that in this essay, they they are focused on the digital and technological world and connects it to feminism. That the feminists should “equip themselves with the skills to redeploy existing technologies…”. So in this sense, they are reconfiguring the idea of feminism to be up to date with what is happening around us. That it’s no longer about JUST gaining equal rights, we must fight for it with the technology that is present. I feel like the idea of feminism should not have to change just because technology is around. Yes, there are better tools to use to become an activists, but why would that have to change the premise of pushing towards an equal world? There are other methods that are still valid and one would not have to succumb to the use of technology. But I feel that there must be an understanding of what true feminism is. There are too many forms of it that have stained the idea of true feminism. If we could regress to one, it would be a much greater triumph. 
