Antony Bui

# Bias in Media

##Xenofeminism 
Technology has standards that we may not always think about. We always expect the newest technology to be an improvement over the previous one. We have a mindset that the newest tech has to be better and faster. It’s been that way for a long time and the increase/improvement from each successor has been a huge leap but it seems that it is slowing down or not as big as an improvement as the last. This mindset has caused old technology to feel like waste or relics that aren’t useful anymore. We can see this through flip phones or ipods. These objects work perfectly fine for certain needs but using them in front of others might cause some backlash. 

### Social Media
Social media have been used to push certain agendas. Feminism is usually what I would see as most of my friends and followings are progressive outlets. Social media allows for this type of environment for everyone’s beliefs. I view myself as progressive thinker and follow people with the same belief as mine and block or tune out those that think differently. I am not someone that will push my beliefs onto others nor am I one to argue with someone else when they tempt me to. There is a separation on social media that we can’t visible see and crossing it would or could cause a social backlash. People are tempted to do terrible things on social medias that could ruin your life forever and it could be impossible to trace who did it. In this case technology can be used as a tool of destruction. 

The concept of being truly equal will never come to light. In this world no one is born equally and the laws can only set this mindset for a certain degree. Society will always treat you differently and our culture measures your worth. Females and males will never be truly equal but we can hope for certain laws and standards to make it so. It is great to see females and males push for an equal world but it is seemingly impossible as the male and female body/mind are different and they are raised differently even when their parents may try. The only way to change is to change society itself and our thinking. There are people that believe that men and women should be equal but some seem to strive for more than equal. Some believe that men should be below women and it is setting the feminist movement back because it scares of people as well as view feminist chaotic and somewhat crazy. 

Online it also seems that females are treated differently. There is definitely a stigma against females playing games. I welcome or would like to see more females play video games as it might help them understand why we enjoy it so much but certain people make it nearly impossible for females to enjoy. The problem is deeply rooted into the gaming community and as a part of it, I cannot deny that I have seen it on display. 
