## Reading Three

Xenofeminism refers to a movement that is against the unfair bias’ in modern technology. Laboria Cuboniks starts by introducing our world as a place where we are “interlacing our daily lives with abstraction, virtuality, and complexity” (Cuboniks) and that feminism is built upon different realities in society. Xenofeminism aims to develop a modern world of technology with equality and acceptance. 

With technology constantly advancing, the idea of feminism and gender politics as a whole becomes a concern to society. For instance, there are certain products online that are labeled specifically “For Men” or “For Women”, which make people think that those products are only and specifically made for that particular gender, which then leads to the idea of having a bias built into technology. On Amazon, there are sub-categories under the category of “clothes” that are labeled for “men” or “women”, clearly classifying each gender. Alike how women are treated differently in person, they can also treated differently online. I find it is interesting that people use different genders when they game so that they will not be treated differently. This may also be another reason why some women don’t game - because they are often mistreated just for their gender. Cuboniks states in her article that “we want to cultivate the exercise of positive freedom” (Cuboniks), encouraging women to use their skills to expand on the existing technology today. In our society today, females are often, and usually placed in lower-paying jobs compared to men and in her article, Cuboniks describes “female workers in electronics (to name just one industry) perform some of the worst paid, monotonous and debilitating labour” (Cuboniks), explicitly stating a major difference between men and women. This also demonstrates a bias in society in relation to technology, and in particular, workplaces. Women are usually bossed around in workplaces because they are seen to “not have as much power” or “don’t qualify in relations to men”.  

The idea of feminism refers to women having the same and equal rights as men. With this concept of feminism that seems to be continually growing, there doesn’t seem to be an end to it. I do believe that because there is no end to it yet, the idea of feminism online needs to evolve or “update”. We, as humans, often conform and follow the steps of whatever we see on social media, which may not necessarily be the “correct” or “best” approach feminism if we are trying to fix the problem. It’s interesting that the title of this article is “Xenofeminism”, since I found out the word “xeno” is referred to as a foreigner or stranger. When I reread the title, the meaning of the title seemed different to me because it incorporates the idea of being a stranger to feminism or being foreign to women.
