Response to Xenofeminism

When reading the manifesto on Xenofeminism, I recognize that my real-life experience disassociates me from a lot of the ideas that were being discussed. I understand that feminism has a long way to go in terms of integrating intersectionality and cyberspace has done a lot to bring these issues into the forefront of our collective consciousness. However, the revolution they seek in which technology is used to overthrow the idea of what is considered normalized societal standards doesn’t make a whole lot of sense to me in the space of gender identity. It is correct to go against the standard that depicts white males as the default and to strive to create a more egalitarian world that is crafted to fit the needs of women and people of color considering that their voices and struggles are a substantial influence in our daily lives and are representative of a relatively large majority of humanity. The white-male standard fails to make sense in a modern world, and I agree that it must be changed. Though this is the case, when it comes to this idea of reconstructing cyberspace to normalize ideas of gender that go beyond male and female, the Xenofeminist manifesto seems to have ideas that make it so that technology and cyberspace must cater to the needs of very specific individual needs, which to me doesn’t seem feasible or even desirable. I’m not saying that there shouldn’t be a space where these people feel comfortable to be themselves and find fulfillment, there just has to be the understanding that given the unusual nature of their self-identity, trying to change platforms to fit their needs doesn’t seem possible in a way that doesn’t conflict with other people who are trying to be themselves online, but fall into a much greater majority.
	I also disagree with the idea that if nature is unjust and it must be changed. Human nature shaped how we interact with each other and allowed the ideas of Xenofeminism to form. I think this technological revolution in which the statuses that afflict humanity today are abolished is a natural progression given the way humanity has evolved in terms of thought. However, we are all separately born with different factors that negotiate the terms in which we live our lives. Some of us our born with greater hardships and setbacks than others and we are granted different tools to be the authors of our own lives. These are things that shape us beyond our control in a way that we must acknowledge so that we can change what is within our control. Honestly, maybe its because I lack the experience of the writer in the Xenofeminist article, as in I don’t understand their experience and haven’t lived in an environment that might lead me to want to change my fundamental experiences in life, but I just don’t see a reason to change the things at your core that shape you. It isn’t a theological constant that aligns me towards accepting that nature is formative, it’s the knowledge that how hard things got made the good in the world better and more fulfilling. This ideal technological revolution they speak on lacks an element of fulfillment to me that can’t be reconciled in a meaningful way.
