# Reading 3: Xenofeminism by Laboria Cuboniks

Xenofeminism expands on the idea of feminism by introducing new concepts of techno-materialism, anti-naturalism, and gender abolition. It is interesting to discuss how the intention of feminism can be developed further than simply equality amongst all genders. 

The manifesto discusses three important ideas. Techno-materialism is the idea that technologies should be geared to solve our problems. Technologies, in this context, should be created to exert “positive freedom” in which Laboria Cuboniks (LC) explains as the “freedom-to rather than simply freedom-from.” This idea also expresses the action to take down patriarchal norms that society has built. How can evolving technologies fight inequalities in our gendered systems? Why should we be restricted by rules that society has implicated/implied?

Anti-naturalism is an idea that carries throughout the manifesto. This idea expresses how biology should not be a standard. Xenofeminism calls to go beyond the restrictions that gender entails. However, it is difficult to oppose the scientific and logical aspects of biology. Humans are born and categorized under two genders: male and female. However, we have expanded the list of genders and sexualities. I believe that the mind adjusts to what it can understand and how people have been instructed to live (by certain systems and rules). Therefore, it makes it hard to understand and be open these new concepts of feminism and change.

Another key point of xenofeminism is gender abolition. Again, gender may determine our biological sex, but it does not configure how we see and characterize ourselves. I read in an article that parents are letting their child decide what gender they will be. I thought this style of parenting was new and is a result of our evolving thoughts of gender. Xenofeminism calls to overthrow those restrictions of gender in order to explore the potential of a gender-irrelevant society. 

A bias in technology that I thought of was the male-to-female ratio in the industrial and technological industry. We have built a bias in which men have been preferred over women despite the same amount of skills and knowledge when it comes to employment. This thought has influence our educational systems. It may explain the small proportion of women majoring or entering STEM fields. I believe that this is what xenofeminism is trying to get at. Gender-bias inhibits a person’s ability to shine. If we lived in a gender-irrelevant society, would it be any better? All worlds need a system and I am not entirely sure what that system would be.

Power structures are formed through past histories. The patriarchal system has been a foundational structure that we have adhered to and that needs to change. I do believe that the concept of feminism has to evolve because it is a very broad term and concept. By diving deeper into various concepts such as techno-materialism, anti-naturalism, and gender abolition, we have a better direction in which society can take. It is also intriguing to note that the prefix xeno- means foreign. I think feminism continues to be a foreign idea to everyone, however, awareness of the concept is a beginning step towards where we can be.
