Xenofeminism sees the inequality happening in modern tech and works on ways in which this can be changed. Modern technologies favor specific genders and races, is not available to all, has abused platforms in which people use to discriminate against others especially the topic of gender. XF aims for an online world of acceptance and free of discrimination. It stands for encouraging digital self-defense and freedom and trying to teach the skills necessary to achieve that. 
Using alienation as a starting point, women in the workplace get little to no matching compensation funds in careers to those of a man, not to mention those of the tech field. Unfair labor habits have always been forced upon the role of a women and still has not seized to stop in modern industries and careers. XF is seeking out technologies for us to focus on to reinvent the inequality of gender in the workplace. 
“Reason, like information, wants to be free, and patriarchy cannot give it freedom.” That’s why XF is rationalism. We’re not saying that one gender has specific right or wrong way to rationalize but rather encourage all ways of rationalizing and create opportunities for those to be heard without labels without discrimination of who you are. 
Modern technology has given us platforms but these platforms have also been abused and used to bully and discriminate. The mask of technology and an account name can give people confidence to feel comfortable to abuse this power. There is also a terrible imbalance of power within social media. It is still so easy for men to post discriminatory content towards women.
With all of the unfairness circled around gender and technology it’s hard not to question whether nature is fair. Blame the true root of where we came from our upbringing in society. There was a point where the idea of changing nature was not a possibility, however with modern technology we have more access to that idea than we think. However, to access human altering tech one might have to brose the dark web for medicine or hormones. For transgender community, that is vastly discriminated against, simple necessities like these should be more accessible. XF is not favoring one gender and their needs over the other but rather focus on those who receive less basic rights and privileges and bring them up to speed and respect with those in the world who are receiving an excess of respect and privileges. 
	“Is XF a programme?” I wouldn’t consider it something so step by step but rather a place to start and encourage. It is a group in which all gender of all race and sexuality that are treated unfairly and discriminated against because of those labels can start at. Where ideas are pondered and asked what if we keep going? what if we dream bigger? We want to create new worldwide technical systems that crush capitalist patriarchy. XF does this by informing and inspiring. We need to come together as a group and invest our time in the right technologies and give and take chances to others that strive for the same equality. “if nature is unjust, change nature!” It’s true. And slowly we have been gaining supporters and making a voice for the unjust acts for people treated unequal, more need to come together and we can make greater waves of fair genderless nondiscriminatory equality.
