# Xenofeminism Manifesto 
http://www.laboriacuboniks.net/index.html#firstPage

From my understanding, this is an anonymous manifesto written by feminist collective Laboria Cuboniks which I think is really interesting. What they are trying to do is denaturalize the disciplines of science, technology, and rationalism from the grip of patriarchal power. There are seven parts in the manifesto: Zero, Interrupt, Trap, Parity, Adjust, Carry and Overflow. The language of the manifesto is different from any other manifestos I read; it is succinct and determined. 

Xenofeminism calls for a new kind of feminism that represents the needs of all human “cutting across race, ability, economic standing, and geographical position.” Technologies should benefit to society in all ways, and therefore, they should be re-engineered. Today, there are more men in STEM and everything related to technology is mostly created by men. The gender inequality “characterizes the fields in which our technologies are conceived, built, and legislated for.” Our technologies are engines made to fuel the locomotive of male power. Because the innovation are spearheaded by men, they will determine the destiny of your world which I find unfair for women. It is uncommon for women to be in tech industry or have a high-level position. I believe this is one of the reasons why women aren’t given the same respect as men. What the manifesto says is that  the feminist techno-future can manifest, pixel by pixel, if we so empower it. 

As humans transition more into digital lives, Xenofeminism is a feminism “at ease with computation”, and calls for feminist technologists to build technology to protect humans from online world and real life patriarchy. We need technology to build new freedoms and make this freedom available to everybody.  I agree with the point that gender shouldn’t matter in our world. There are more than two sexes and none of them should not be discriminated.  

I believe that biases are inserted into nearly every technology we use today. Every choice that is made carries some kind of personal opinion and propaganda. I would say that technology is the most powerful industry nowadays. It is shaping our culture, our lives, and how we feel. Every technology you interact with very day, for example, any social media app, influence you. There are endless examples that I can think of. It is everywhere from app interface and design to search engine results. Google algorithms promote some results above others. Another example is dating apps - there are race / ethnicity filters; game apps - which involve stereotypical images of people; Apple Watch- heart rate monitor has issue working on darker skin. In my opinion, racial bias and gender bias are the most common types of bios you can find on Internet. And the only way to avoid the bias you face is to delete the app or not to use technology at all which is impossible. 
