  The overall theme and text of this article, or “call-to-action,” is both interesting and relevant in today’s climate.  As a woman, many of the points made and questions posed relate to my experiences with technology and feminism directly.  Of the many points made, a few specifically caught my attention.   
  
  First and foremost, I thought it was interesting to pose the idea that anti-naturalism is more freeing than normalizing “naturalism”.  While I  agree, it isn’t something I've seen published all too often.  This idea is relatable not only to me, but a range of communities.  I definitely believe that in pushing forward an idea of what “normal” or “natural” is, still immensely alienates a large population of people.  By ditching the idea that one thing or another is normal and/or natural altogether, it doesn’t entirely eliminate the alienation of any one person or group, however, it does assist in doing so.  Ideally, it allows for people(s) to feel more comfortable and free living in their truth, whatever that may be.  
  
  I also appreciated both the points of gender inequality and illusion.  Although they were approached separately in the piece, in my experiences, they go hand in hand.  I find that in today’s society, many people (majority men) overlook the presence of gender inequality in the workplace, or anywhere actually.  Many of the efforts put forth by organizations like The Women’s March, or other feminist-focused groups, go disputed, undermined or laughed at.  However, the presence and rise of such groups in today’s climate is indicative that gender inequalities do in fact exist.  Without going into detail about specific gender inequalities, it is easy to relate this fact with Laboria Cubonik’s focus on illusion.  The reason so many people justify disputing issues surrounding gender inequalities is because, much like the reason the article pointed out, there’s an illusion that women have the same opportunities that men do.  Like the article pointed out, illusion doesn’t only stop at the line of gender inequality.  It is applicable in many facets, whether it be gender inequality, race, LGBTQ community, all of these groups and hundreds more have complaints and/or experiences that are swept under the rug due to the simple illusion that we are all the same, have the same rights, and/or have equal opportunities in any and all things.  
  
  I was also able to relate on many levels to the portion of the article that addressed the development of an ideological infrastructure in order to create safe spaces from things like social media harassment, privacy, etc.  Unfortunately for women, again speaking from my own experiences, it is all too easy to be harassed online and more specifically via social media.  The level that women have to go to in order to protect their privacy and safety on social sites is scary and absurd.   

  In reference to the term “feminism”, I never thought it needed to evolve prior to having been posed this question.  After thinking about it and reading this article, I do think perhaps it could use some updates.  Or perhaps a more in-depth explanation instead of its original generalized one.  However, I don’t think we’re so far gone from feminism or what it represents, to imply that the term as a whole is antiquated.  I think that as society evolves, and technology evolves, so then should the explanation or “blanket” of topics and people represented by feminism.  That being said, I think that’s common with many terms or things in general.   
