# Reading Eight Response

The article talks about how the internet shapes our identity and explains how we identify ourselves. Thanks to the internet, people consume all kinds of content at rapid speeds. We can access things like the news, scientific publications, social media platforms, online shopping, and so much more in a matter of seconds. And even quicker thanks to mobile devices. The speed in which we consume these things, as the article explains, has caused us to be hungry for more, expanding our reach and interests. Although we consider the internet to be very technological and nonhuman, in truth it is very much human, because it shaped by humans. From creating digital personas to crafting a new way of communicating with one another, the internet is a living history of humanity's innovations, character, and creativity. For many people, what we do and how we act online are different compared to who we are in real life. The online world may act as the other you or an extension of yourselves. It is like a video game where you create an avatar with complete control over it and suffer very little repercussions. The internet has become a second life or perhaps life has become more like a game. Afterall, there are things that we can only specifically do online.The new language we have created for example is made up of emojis, like smiley faces and thumbs up,  and short acronyms such as "lol", "brb", and "omg". A language that is specifically intended to deliver ones message, thoughts, and feelings in a few button presses. We are so connected to the online world that when we become disconnected, it becomes a crisis. We carry the internet in our pockets wherever we go, something so easily portable and accessible that we use on a daily basis. It is something to keep us busy when we are waiting in line or when we need to make an important business email. Our reliance of the internet is so great that it can only bring misery and distress when we can no longer connect to the internet. It is strange how we are all blocked by physical barriers, yet we can all become connected and unified digitally.
Even though we have painted the internet under a majestic limelight, it is still unpredictable in many other ways. For example, we unnoticeably give our information for free to businesses and other organizations which in turn can be use for a variety of things. My favorite example was in the reading where the author received a lot likes for a photo of her cutting her hair and later found out that there is a website that fetishizes women cutting there hair. Overall, I agree with what the author says about having an online persona, an ideal entity that we connect with on a daily basis and that we rely a lot on the internet and have created different norms through the use technology. Life is a game and the game has become life.
