# Reading 8 

This reading relates a lot to what the Internet is now; there is so much to do on the Internet that it occupies majority of our daily lives. We’re able to communicate, give out information, receive information, etc. One point in the reading was the author talking about how she is part of the last generation to experience life without the Internet. I grew up with “dinosaur” Internet, but I still had free time outside of burying my face on computer screens. When the image of the AOL dial-up Internet showed up, I was compelled to SnapChat that image to my friends to see who would remember or even know what that image was. Not to my surprise, no one had an idea what it was. The image was so nostalgic and familiar that it triggered synesthesia, the fact that I could hear the image brought back so many memories of when the Internet was not high speed and that the user had to wait a good amount of minutes just to connect to it. Looking at society now with high-speed Internet compared to back then, I wonder how would it be if we still had super slow Internet. We wouldn’t be able to do what we do today - constantly check on social media, carry devices connected to the Internet, or even play video games. 

A point related to this was the dynamic of wired and wireless Internet and how much a cable can make a difference. As an online video game player, I want the best connection for the best gameplay and reaction time. I remember moving out of my room and closer to the router just to get the best connection even if there were other family members around. The introduction of the ethernet cable was a game changer for me because the Internet was faster than being disconnected but closer to the router. 

We take Internet for granted. As the author points out, the Internet can be our safety when we have nothing to do, no one to talk to, or just want to be ourselves alone. Many people have already said that the Internet and social media has the ability to connect us to many more people, but at the same time, we are disconnected from each other away from the keyboard. We pull out our phones when we are waiting or filling the void, especially during physical social events. Another event that the author mentions is pulling out the phone during a concert to validate to everyone on social media that they were at the event. While social media allows us to do that, I feel that the user loses the rich memories that they would have if they were not so busy recording every single moment. 

At the end of the reading, the author asks questions about what would happen to us if we get disconnected, when the power goes out, where do we go? As a digital artist who relies on electricity and connection to function, what happens when we can’t make art digitally? In the midst of a climate crisis, when resources become scarce or when we have to manage power efficiently, where do digital artists fall into? 
