In the article, Identify Yourself by Krystal South, she explains how influential the Internet has been in shaping the societal structure and our own identities. The Internet has allowed people to communicate and gain access to information at lightning speeds. When the image of the popup that questioned if we could ever envision occupying a large chunk of our time to a machine appeared, my initial response would be no. However, as advanced emerging technologies continue to surface, our eagerness to learn these new machines increases our dependency on them. We have been more reliant on our phones for faster services, and I agree with South that it has made us more impatient. 

She states that besides the web junk that we consume on a daily basis, there is also an affluent consumption of human thoughts and opinions, scholarly texts, and online courses that prompt our way of thinking. So, does this over-consumption appease our heavy appetite? I believe humans will never be full by the flow of information because our lives are always up to date. It makes me reflect on the major gap between generations in terms of norms and beliefs of what the future should be.

“The persona exists for an audience.” Through the existence of the Internet, social media has been a platform for networking. We curate what we put online; the pictures we post to the tweets we write are all saved in our web history, cache, and within the databases of the platform itself. We put out short bios and descriptions of our physical attributes to inform others of our presence. We have indeed attached ourselves to these online profiles that are otherwise an extension of our self-identity. I agree with the statement that online is a documentation of our existence and physical embodiment on this point in time. South introduces the idea of alternate identities which “serve as a function for users to achieve a goal otherwise unattainable through their true identity.” Many of these alternate identities may be short-lived or long-term in regards to its purpose. Naming gives us the opportunity to construct new identities for ourselves. I find that having alternate identities is a reflection of who we aspire to be. 

She mentions that “the internet is a mirror.” This thought struck me because our online presence allows us to contextualize and express how we view ourselves as a whole. We constantly want to receive feedback from a community we put ourselves in; whether that be tons of likes on Facebook or red hearts on Instagram. I think this acknowledgement of our existence emphasizes on the certainty that humans are social beings and have a need to be accepted in society. 

The emergence of chats allowed users to personify themselves through text. We can imagine the way the user acts like through conversation and information he or she provides to other users. These online discussions can be light or heavy, diving into the “deepest, darkest, and intimate parts of human identity.” It makes me realize how our online identities formed through profiles and chats allowed us to recognize that there is no direct answer to who we are. We may have a generalization of who we think we are, but it will never be concrete.
