## Reading 8
In her article, Krystal South starts off with explaining how computers and artificial intelligence shouldn’t be the ones making decisions because let’s face it, they have no feelings nor do they have human features. Much of the reading talks about how computers or our smart devices are what keeps us occupied all day. South also says that she has “extended [her]self into the machines [she] carries at all times” (South), explicitly stating how the advanced smart devices we have today are taking over our lives. This reminds me of how I am always carrying my phone with me as well. We have these devices everywhere we go and thinking about it, it is silly that we are now humans who carry a black brick everywhere we go. South talks about the space in the “machine” around her is constantly changing and she is adjusting to it, as she learns about new media or applies the new media to her life. She describes herself as a “immaterial database of memory and hypertext, with invisible links” (South), which is very true because there are so many things we are getting from the internet and placing in the back of our heads. 

South continues her article by talking about how identity is a big part of our world. South explains how “we need a driver’s license and identification card to prove our existence” (South) in this world. Even through social media, it is crazy how we need profile pictures or pictures of ourselves in order to allow others to know or identify us. Without a picture of yourself, there could be millions of people with the same name as you and the public would not know which one of those profiles would be you. 

I thought it was interesting how South described identity as a “brand”. I had never really thought of myself as a brand. She introduces the idea of “brand identity”, which is the “look, feel, voice, and message of a brand, one disseminated into the world as the public-facing persona of the corporation” (South), implicitly depicting a sense of what we look like as a brand. We, as humans have a personal brand, depending on our personality, traits, qualities, and characteristics. People, such as famous YouTubers identify themselves through their personal YouTube channel that is shown to the public. 

Another point I thought was fascinating was how South described the Internet as a mirror. We absorb the information as we look at it, and at the same time we are “recognizing ourselves” through that information. Her idea of getting out what we put in is an interesting concept. An example I thought of was how we put in so much time and energy into researching about (for instance), our characteristics, and the more time and energy we spend researching, the more we will find out about the topic. South’s article made me realize how interesting and vital our identity is to our modern society and how much our identity means to the public.
