The internet itself is evolving us and our sense of identity. The internet is a relatively recent technology that has recently become so integral in the ways we think, communicate, and behave. Ask anyone in developed nations and specifically in the United States, the internet is a crucial tool that allows us to thrive in our current society. Its become an avenue for opportunity unparalleled in human history. For those born in this era of the internet, these things have always been true and it would be hard to imagine a time where the internet wasn’t as crucial as it is now. Ask a college student whether or not they could succeed in school without the internet and they would laugh in your face because the internet has now been tied to educational curriculum in a way that would make it impossible to thrive in the education system without it. There is now a dependency that is formed and it becomes a matter of societal survival which opens the door for human evolution. Evolution makes it so that if there is an advantage to be had, a species will develop that advantage in order to thrive or else they would lose out. Being proficient in one’s use of the internet is such an important skill to have in todays day and age that if you are unable to navigate the digital world, then you are relegated to the minority on the outskirts of society. This is such a crazy idea that what is necessary to thrive in our society is a thing that has not even been around a full century.

The internet has already had an effect on the physical attributes of people as well in multiple ways. On the basic level it is affecting our posture being slumped over a keyboard all day and living an increasingly sedentary lifestyle overall has lowered our bone density and has led to an increase in obesity. On another level this image driven culture has driven people to go to extremes to magnify themselves for their online personas. Trying to conform to beauty standards on the internet has led to increasing level of self-consciousness in terms of altering perception of personal beauty. All the stimuli that a person is exposed to on the on the internet affects the way human beings think and has led to shifts in actions. The president was able to capitalize on the exposure of the internet in a way that directly allowed him to surge in popularity. The internet has its own set of rules outside of reality that changes what can be considered acceptable. The most important thing is to get noticed on the internet and that forces people into thinking about ways they can raise their status up a notch by performing extreme actions. The internet at it’s core is changing the very fabric of human nature and is contributing to the next level of human evolution, it will be interesting to see how the effects of this change the future.
