  I was pleasantly surprised by how successful Krystal South was in identifying the internet and its evolution not only in reference to its capabilities, but also in what it means to users and how it influences and essentially creates their identities.  South begins with the antiquated version of the internet and what it was initially intended to do.  Something interesting that I found relative to the previous two readings, Pretend to be a Bot and Poetics of ASI, was South’s agreeing belief that while AI is possible, we should refrain from giving computers the ability to make important decisions for us because they lack human qualities like passion and wisdom.  Like the authors before her, South emphasizes that the omission of these qualities are what differentiate humans from computers.  
	South later introduces the idea of identity.  The stance she took with online identities and/or alt identities is from a perspective that I never really thought about.  Initially, I stigmatized alt identities, relating them to negative false identities (i.e; “twitter fingers”, cat fishing, etc).  However South has a gentler approach and idea as to why people may identify differently online than in person.  Often it is simply attributed to the fact that people more often than not, are just shy.  Other times, in the case of some artists, they like to separate their online presence from their personas away from the keyboard.  
	Further on South addresses the “public veil,” in which she basically and rightly so, concludes that it’s much easier to interact with others from behind the internet’s “mask”.   She touches on the topic of internet friends and the validity of said friendships.  I find this topic particularly interesting because it’s still prevalent and applicable in today’s social climate.  The validity of friendships started and carried in majority online are still tainted or not as “real” as other friendships made in person in the eyes of many people.  This is interesting but also insane!  Given that it is a known fact that we spend so much time online, to the point where phones literally are equip with things like “do not disturb” functions and screen time calculators, it is crazy to me that the idea of meeting someone online and maintaining a friendship utilizing devices that many people cannot seem to live without is somehow less of a friendship than the relationships forged in a classroom or workplace.  However, this stigma proves to transcend just online friendships, but also applies to things like online dating for example.  Many couples who meet online via social media or specified dating apps, seem to have some insecurities in detailing how or where they met.  In 2019 I think it is stupid to discount any relationship, platonic or other, for the simple fact that it came to fruition online.  
	While South’s article was one of the more lengthy readings, she continued to make valid and prevalent points.  Utilizing this article moving forward, I definitely think that I will reflect on her piece while utilizing the internet, whether it be chatting, socializing or even just surfing the web.  South was successful in answering many of the “why’s” that we often times forget to ask or think about.  
