# Reading 8 Response
This Reading by Krystal South, Identify Yourself, opens up straight away with a strong statement by Joseph Weizenbaum acknowledging that AI can be possible, but that we should never allow these computers to make important decisions because they lack wisdom and compassion. This is a very interesting point to start the author’s writing on, because of what the author gets into. The author claims that Weizenbaum was afraid of the future of technology. A lot of this reading specifically talks about questions of identity and how much of our internet presence is part of our normal identity.  South has outlined a million different ways in which her identity has been adapted to the internet and how it effects her or others in the real world.

There is also something to be said about the format of the reading. She put it into two columns that scroll at different rates depending on the position that the viewer is at along the page. Typically in the essay the left side speaks about how the technology works. The right-hand side speaks about personal relationships with the internet and stories about the author’s personal experiences with the internet. One particularly scary internet story is how the author, South, describes when she discovered that her images were being used as pornography for hair cutting fetishists. This was brought up to illustrate a point. It’s better, in the author’s case, to say c’est la vie because she would have to take down all of those photos when there’s no guarantee that they haven’t already been downloaded and there may be hundreds more photos of her that she doesn’t even know about. To me, this is particularly creepy, but I don’t share much on social media. I understand the benefits of to taking a lax attitude towards it, but I am an anxious person so I’d rather people be able to find out as little about my physical presence as possible from my online presence. I am not ready to integrate the two. Like South describes the late Joseph Weizenbaum, I am afraid. I am rooted primarily in the physical world, and while some people, like south, seem ready to accept their digital selves as being more than just a small extension of their identity, I know how easy it is to manipulate the physical part of our existence through the digital part. I know that people can subtly influence the thoughts of users and gather and sell users information without giving a cut to the user. Anyone who has had their Facebook “hacked” knows that the digital world has the potential to be dangerous and enact real-life consequences. There was a story recently of a woman who lost her internship with NASA over a vulgar tweet (1).

Either way, it is obvious, the digital world is here to stay and is a bigger and bigger part of everybody’s lives as time progresses. It is real and there are real life consequences that come with actions. It is up to each of us to embrace that, or to reject that. Identify yourself. I am Jacob, I am a miniature painter on Instagram, an artist showcasing my works on my own website, a reddit user, and hundreds of other internet identities. That is my identity now, not just Jacob, student and bartender. This is something that both unsettles me and empowers me.

1. https://people.com/human-interest/woman-loses-nasa-internship-over-tweet/
