In the beginning of the article it said that “we should never allow computers to make important decisions because computers will always lack human qualities such as compassion and wisdom”. I think this is true because computers don’t have feeling and will make only what thinks it’s right. Humans make decisions, most of the time, based on how they feel even though it is right or wrong. Computers or AI will make decisions based on what they are programmed to do or what the best outcome of a situation is. We also talked about this in class where ASI or AI will make decisions with amoral intentions because that’s what they are programmed to do or because it is the best outcome possible. Even though it might be the best outcome possible I think that’s not always the best choice because we have to take in the account of ethics of humans and that even if its not the best we can live with the outcome knowing that it was the right decision to do.  

This reading also ties in with the previous reading we had about software extensions, but instead of software extensions of digital workers this reading talked about the extension within ourselves and the internet. This article talks about how we identify ourselves with the internet even though we are offline. We are still an extension of the internet while we are offline because we do things that are connected to the internet and vice versa. It also goes over about how we are dependent on electronics and internet that it has become a part of ourselves. I think this is true because we store a lot of data within our electronics for example telephone numbers that I used to need to memorize to call my friends are now easily inputted in a phone. There are also files within electronics that we could access that has replaced filing cabinets that’s why as people we really are in a way an extension of what we are online. 

The article also talks about having an audience within the internet. Things like social media sites and other internet websites allows people to have more of an audience and is very useful for people, businesses, artists, etc. The internet creates a space for people to have conversations with other people that they are not able to reach, and I think that’s what mostly what the internet is for. I think the internet is there so that we could speak and be heard by people all over the world even if it’s through a bunch of ways like social media, sharing files, and other ways the internet can voice what we do. Being online is about having our ideas heard and be shared with those that could discover what we want to people to discover within ourselves. 
