When thinking about identity on the internet, I think it’s simply a matter of stepping back and really just thinking about what it is, rather than what it means to someone individually. Unlike any other time period in human history, people from all over the world and from all kinds of cultures are able to communicate at an unprecedented rate. Normally, in smaller human communities, there is a more complete pressure from society in order to fit in. But with the Internet, with people from different cultures communicating from one another, it’s possible to see the varying degrees of what standards each social system operates upon. And now there’s an established link between smaller societies to build a much larger one, in which proximity makes no difference. For instance, we know in the United States, on the west coast at least, that Russia’s anti-LGBT laws are restrictions against basic human rights. But to the its government and their older society at large, those are their standards that they have chosen to comply with. 

But because of the Internet’s unique nature of eliminating proximity in order to establish a close social system, and the recording of communications, an interesting dynamic takes place in which a social system’s values and standards are cultivated in a virtual space, and has the ability to be accessed anywhere, theoretically. It’s a topic of debate that has come up over the shooting in New Zealand, in which the perpetrator shouted to follow the YouTuber Pewdiepie before commencing the killings. The Youtuber himself, Felix, has expressed shock and distress over the incident in which he was named, but naturally he is not directly responsible for the attacks. However, he has been known to have a large following of communities who are involved with white supremacy and similar things, and even if his content has been mostly about video games and jokes, it still has grown such a community around it, given the kinds of things he jokes about. Even if he expresses sorrow and shock over the real things other people did in his name, it’s important to consider why exactly they named him in the first place, if he had not had anything to do with the ideology.

The internet is also important with the facilitation of information of personal identity. In recent decades it’s been also possible to give young people information on sexuality, gender identity, culture, and race. People younger and younger have been given access to social media and smartphones, which are Internet devices- and have access to things that could potentially keep them safe. Personal anecdote here, but I remember being young and being shocked that my mother knew how to drive a car, thinking that women weren’t allowed to. Until then, I hadn’t even noticed why I thought that, but somewhere in my early childhood, that sexist, misogynistic idea had been planted in my head. Then as I got older and spent more time in the Internet talking with people who lived very different experiences than me, I learned a great deal more than the standards I had unconsciously given into myself. The idea of LGBT rights as fundamental human rights, gentrification, cultural appropriation, and the difference between a joke and making fun of something that shouldn’t be laughed at. Had I grown up in an age with no Internet, I shudder to think what kind of person I would have been and what I would thought of people much different than me. The internet has its downsides, for sure, but it’s important to not forget what kind of upsides it provides as well.
