<p>“I saw a man afraid of technology he helped to create.” It must be a strange thing to realize that you are the last generation to have grown up when the internet wasn’t created and then realize that technology has advanced so far that there are possibilities of AI mimicking a human. That must come as a shock especially when u grow up and figure out who you are without the internet present. For me I feel like I learned a lot about myself and who I am throughout the internet. And at this point in time I feel as though not physically but mentally I am an extension of the technologies I use every day. I wonder if I would have the same interest and curiosities without the internet at my leisure, however I will never know, so somewhere along the way I have accepted the internet and never looked back. And maybe I never questioned it because we as humans build our identities online. Through profiles and descriptions. South also brings up that we carry around ID to prove who we are and birth certificates to live in a world that we are born in. We rely on this data to introduced ourselves even online now that we can talk to someone a thousand miles away without ever needing to meet up.</p>

<p>Is this way of the internet and identification an evolved way to live? I think in many ways it is an efficient way to live but imagine if it was taken away. How would we function if the access to our questions and extensions of ourselves that we took so long to build up on media platforms were taken away? I think a lot of us would be helpless, maybe lost.</p>
