## Identify yourself

The article started with the term “Life Without Internet.” As I remembered when I was in elementary school, internet was something incredible. I remembered watching my older brother accessing the world in just one click. At that time, Internet wasn’t too popular in my country; it was only available for rich families. Whenever you wanted to use the internet, you had to go to the internet shops. I was allowed to go to the internet shop only 2 hours a week, and it was the fastest time in the week. I was always jealous with my friends who had access to internet at home. At that time, I was using letter to communicate with my friends even though we were only 15 minutes away. The feeling of sitting on a table, writing carefully every single word then decorating, sending them and finally receiving one back was miracle. Unlike these days when letters are considered obsolete and sending/receiving messages are counted in seconds.

“I don’t go on the Internet; I am the Internet and I am always online.” This statement mostly summarize the following part of the article. As technology keep improving, Internet becomes an important part in human’s life. It’s almost impossible to live without Internet. Wifi is everywhere especially at public area and restaurant. Human are no longer physically spending time, we can always hear from each other on social media. We are the Internet, and it portraits us. 

“The art of describing is lost to the digital artifact of a real experience.” The fact the article pointed out seems to be underrated and became popular in the society. The real experience isn’t being mentioned in people’s post on social media; everything we’ve seen is images and videos. In a concert, we’ve seen people using their phones to record the performance instead of enjoying the performance with their own eyes. Some records are only last a day on Instagram which are unworthy. 

The article keeps on going with author’s experience with identify herself back when she was a kid and now. Having the same experience, I was not allowed to use Internet for too long, and when I was online, I pretended to be an adult, a couple more ages from what I was. As I grew up, I decided to use my initial for my social account and some people actually thought it was my name even though they knew me in real life. Social media has become our life when I and everybody else mostly update and communicate with their friends and family through social media instead of meeting them face to face. Yes, it sounds sorrowful, but it’s the truth. 

To identify ourselves through social media is to choose what to share. Social media only suggests us what we want to share about ourselves, not knowing who we are. The choice is on us. The question at the end about what will happen if we get disconnected is unpredictable. We had developed so much to come to this stage, and it’s almost impossible to reverse. It’ll not only challenge human’s habit on using technology, but also challenge the way our society works.
