After reading the last two reading this one starts off with saying how artificial intelligence can do many things however it can’t have common basic knowledge humans have. They say history makes us humans and it leads me to think is this a nicer way of saying we learn from our mistakes? But then he started to go into the internet history where your internet history is a way to form what your identity is in real life. There are many ways we use with the internet such as using it as a way to communicate with others. He mentions that there is a system and there are people inside the system where we need to keep the internet a safe spot. There are people that watch what you do so people lose their freedom online. An example is where people use stickers to block off their camera in their laptops. This is to prevent FBI Agents from watching us. Another example I can think of is Black Mirror where an episode where the laptop camera recorded the person and used it to blackmail him. This is probably everyone’s nightmare where the camera is recording them without them knowing. What was interesting to me was when he said “The files are beautiful, but I move to nominate the Internet as “sublime,” because when I stare into the glass precipice of my screen, I am in awe of the vastness contained within it, the micro and macro, simultaneously hard and technical and soft and human. Most importantly, it feels alive—with constant newness and deepening history, with endless activity and variety”. I guess this reveals what we interact with online also shows what we are interested in. Cookies are what comes to mind when I'm reading this because the website will always ask for permission to access the information. Even when a website asks for it I believe they can gain access either way. We can either embrace it or just continue ignoring it. Either way, our information is out there so a way I embraced it is when I’m shopping for something specific I look at the ads hoping that they caught what I’m looking for and help me find something similar at a good price. 
