#### Reading Eight: *Identify Yourself* by Krystal South


I find the article *Identify Yourself* by Krystal South to be a fascinating read as it really reflects on how the internet is today and how it affects us as a society. A major point that is brought up in the reading, is the question of identity. With social media becoming a huge part in our lives, it is hard to create a unique identity with so many influences that are present on platforms such as Facebook, Instagram, and Youtube. Everyone wants to be each other, but never themselves. In addition, there is a claim that social media can help us connect with each other, whether it be on our phones or our computers… but there seems to be a disconnection -- a disconnection that results from fake profiles and the need to communicate through a device rather than in real life. We hide behind our screens and create profiles online that only reflect the good part of our lives and neglect the bad. We try to please others and make ourselves look good; it is like a competition to see who’s life is better. However, this seems foolish and can be demoralizing and psychologically damaging. The feeling of inferiority can drive people insane and can lead to personal harm and other hurtful actions toward themselves and others. On the bright side, it could spur a positive change, however, I find that many of us would rather put other people down rather than encourage each other to do better or get better (but not always).

In addition, the question of privacy has risen from sharing personal information online. The internet and social media provide a massive database where a lot of information can be searched and found; as South stated, “At our fingertips, we have access to a giant public database that we can query for more information. Using special qualifiers, we can drill down to search for exact information from specific sites, include or exclude certain data or periods of time.” Personally, I find it risky to put your personal information online. Today’s top corporations and businesses are notorious for selling your information to buyers. People can also steal your information such as your passwords, credit card numbers, social security, etc. It is as if we are constantly being watched and monitored but we choose to ignore it. Even our phones know when we are present and can ‘listen’ to us speaking near it. It is quite scary.

And finally, at the end of the reading, South questions what would happen if we get “disconnected.” I find this to be an interesting question since the internet has become such a huge part of our lives. I wonder if people will be driven mad or will find some other way to create a new kind of internet. Or maybe we will learn to not rely on it and learn to communicate to each other in person, but I find that highly unlikely. The internet has become such a useful tool and has made our lives such much more efficient that I think it can never be truly replaced.  
