Identify Yourself by Krystal South brings to light the question of identity. The world we are living in now is one of constant
sharing and a lack  of privacy. I believe that we have two identities: the one we form on the internet for the public which is 
our ideal self, and then we have our private self which is a collection of everything in our lives, both bad and good. However,
this line is slowly becoming more and more blurred. Due to the vast networks that we are presented with on the internet, a 
person has very few private moments now. An individual may share thoughts, images, and moments that show them in the best
possible light however, this is not the only version of that individual on the internet. Thanks to this new age of sharing, 
there is a large collection of videos and pictures that others may post of that individual whether it is initially known by 
that individual or not. Even information such as one’s home address, phone number, past work places, email, and personal 
relationships (whether that be family members, friends, romantic partners, etc.) can be easily found with today’s technology. 
South reports that: “Each tool that we have developed to spread information has exponentially increased the speed at which it 
travels.” This can be a wonderful asset to our society, presenting people with easy ways to collaborate and share ideas. This 
can lead to an acceleration of creativity and problem solving development. 
The internet persona that an individual holds is now becoming real life. This digital identity we each hold is just an 
extension of our personalities and selfs. A great example of this coming to light is in video games. The article gives to 
examples of games: “The Sims” and “Second Life”. In both of these games, we place our  own identities and personalities onto
these avatars with no threat of consequences to our physical selves. This extension of ourselves provides us with the
opportunity to “manipulate life into becoming something [we] can control.” It provides individuals with a space where physical
laws and rules no longer apply, a space where individuals can carry out whatever dreams and wants they may have. There is a 
constant struggle in life with the decision presented between good and bad. Nothing is definite in life and the one thing that 
anyone can be sure of in their life is that they can not be certain of anything. Things are always changing unexpectedly and
it is easy to feel out of control of your own life. There are always outside variables that one can not take into account or 
control, however in video games, the worlds tend to make more sense. There are certain rules, a definite beginning and end to
most, and nothing is truly random. Things in games happen the way they are programmed to be, providing an outlet where 
individuals can feel in control.
In regards to the layout of the essay itself, the way it lines up is quite interesting. There are two main columns that move 
at different speeds in order to line up with each other at certain moments, such as the public veil and public persona. This 
made the reading more entertaining in my opinion because the different columns were to be read separately and yet stayed 
intertwined. This is something to keep in mind for our switch articles since we are also creating multiple short essays with
strong overlapping topics and themes.
