R8
Wesley Bower
Art 104
	This week’s reading IDYRSLF by Krystal South discusses topics about social media that I normally talk about with my friends. I think it is important to question these topics about identities and social media. I thought it was very interesting when the author spoke about how we never ‘go’ online, we are always online, with invisible ties connecting the real world us and the online version of ourselves. I totally agree with this and the idea that we have two identities that make up our modern-day identity. I feel like there is constantly an online version of me that people can look at, but it doesn’t always reflect the entirety of who I am. I like it better this way, and I don’t update my social media with things about my personal life that often. Instead I use mainly my Instagram account to post things about my art and things I find interesting. I feel a much more real connection to someone in person, and while I do like to see what my friends are doing through their social media profiles, I understand that these profiles are just windows into their lives through which they choose what gets filtered. Social media and digital versions of yourself can be whatever you want them to be, and users can include and omit whatever details of their own life they want to.
	I agree with South when she noted that we live our lives through machines and they have thus changed the way that society functions and the way we absorb data. She talks about how the way we consume is now overstimulating and that this has led to a new appetite for consumption all the time. I think that because I don’t always like to project my life onto social media and put it out there for everyone to see, I end up not going on social media as much. I like to see what my friends and those I am interested in are doing, but I didn’t like how I was constantly comparing myself to others. I would see the extremely successful people I follow doing things that looked so easy, but I realized that I wasn’t seeing all of the behind the scenes stuff they had to do to maintain their lifestyle. Bookings, scheduling, content creation, I was not seeing all of it, and in some cases only seeing what these people opt to put out for everyone to see. It made me feel like our social media reflects the perfect idea that we have of ourselves. The person that our social medias represent is just the outside version of ourselves, but it is hard to represent the person we are on the inside through a solely digital medium. The small thoughts we have, questions, complications, and struggles we go through are all often omitted from social media. 
	South discusses a friend who she had met through social media who has passed away. When people ask how they knew each-other and she responds with ‘the internet’, she said that she sees a degradation of the value of their relationship in their eyes. She still sees online friendships and relationships having the same value as a real one. When they met in person after knowing each other only through the internet for a while, she says their relationship was the same, and that their discussions and jokes carried forward, just now with a physical body. I used to think that real life connections and relationships had more value than online ones, but I think I am generalizing something that cannot be generalized. Either way, there is a human being behind each side of the friendship or relationship and meeting them in person would create just as great of a connection. It all depends on each other’s actions. For example, an outgoing person in real life is probably going to be just as outgoing online and on social media. The problem is that almost everyone is more comfortable on social media than in real life and feels more powerful. I think this may have to do with the fact that our social media often reflects our own perfect idea of ourselves and acting through that version of ourselves breaks down any filters or second guessing we might have. The trick is, then, to be able to recognize the real connections with people, even if they start through social media. I met someone online once, and it was through a post of mine. In the video I posted there was a song playing in the background, one that I was really into at the time. A person commented on my post and said something genuine about liking the song. After I looked at their profile, I saw that they were a photographer, and they had a bunch of cool photos uploaded. I went through and liked a few and commented on some, but after that they would always like the posts I made. Just through that little experience we had, I could tell that they were outgoing enough to comment that on my video without even knowing me. I could tell that if we met each other in real life, it would be a great human connection. I remind myself of this every time I am skeptical about online relationships. I have to remember that they are human relationships too. 
