<b>Reading 8 IDYRSLF by Krystal South</b>
<br><br>
Krystal South talks about technology and the Internet as an extension of humans. “Because of the historical moment I first got online, and my rapt attention to online matters ever since, with increasing intensity, that my identity is almost half machine.” I believe that this is applicable almost to every person in today's world. These networks transformed not only our societal structure, but they also reshaped our internal selves.
<br><br>
This reading is also connected to previous readings because the author is concerned about the impacts of technology on the world and not sure is everything is going in a positive direction. “I don’t go on the Internet; I am in the Internet and I am always online”, writes South. It is interesting and scary to think about at the same time because I don’t know what’s going to happen if the Internet will shut down? What if there is a kill switch that one day can change the lives of  6 billion people? The shut down would probably happen only if the Earth’s magnetic poles flip causing damage to power grids, otherwise, it is unlikely. But it is scary to think about how people depend on everything, including technology.
<br><br>
People have become more knowledgable for the past few decades because information is becoming more accessible with the invention of the Internet. Wireless Internet made this information network portable and extended our range of knowledge beyond the boundaries of offices, classes and libraries and into the world. Mobile devices have transformed our consumption of information, made it much easier to get the answer on any question. Knowledge is everything and I think it is really important that the currency of information appears at all levels of society. 
<br><br>
People who constantly use social media have multiple identities. Only by a mouse click, I can change my online identity or hide my real one if I wish to. Social media allow people to  create their new selves and allow them to speak freely. Children can be treated as adults, and adults can become children again. It is a place for self expression where no one will be judged. Everyone has a need to express himself/herself and everyone is used to have this place of free self-expression, so people are terrified of losing connection the virtual self, of losing access to the answers to the questions. The device is a part of them and the Internet feels like home. This makes people vulnerable even if they are not aware of it. 
<br><br>
The Internet as a system is very important today, because people can create or see art, communicate with artists all over the world, get famous for your art, make money, and sell your art. In this aspect, artists benefit a lot from the use of the Internet and technology. I believe we should protect the web from bad people in order to keep it safe and open. South states that the Internet already lost the magical freedom and democracy that existed in the day of the early web, but we must continue to sit our best minds to work using this extensive network of machines to aid us.
