With the global expansion of the internet, many individuals have been subject to sexist actions pinned against them. In particular, more sexist actions have been present in today’s rising gaming culture, evident in the games themselves as well as in their communities. Today, we see gender disparity, overtly sexual women game avatars, and institutional sexism. It is not just video games but the entirety of our society where all of these vile principles are acceptable. While it is impossible to totally eradicate such sexism, the last decade has proven video games as one of the most powerful cultural influences of this generation. In face of this issue, we stand in celebration of intersectionality and denounce anonymity for only putting a bandaid on a deep-rooted problem of people behaving in ignorant ways. This type of unacceptable behavior is perpetuated by the echo chamber of the anonymous internet. 

Historically, women have been seen and treated as inferior to men — housewives, maids, homecooks, objects, caretakers for men — and this inferior portrayal has been carried into the development of games. Game development companies have been predominantly dominated by men, with female designers, programmers, and producers only constituting to a small fragment of this blooming business. Because this business is mainly established by men, these men, driven by the incentive of money, further solidify these poor ideals of women with overtly sexual representations….  Studies have shown that playing games with overly sexualized characters have added to the normalization of sexual harassment and men having a greater likelihood to harass women after play. In face of these depictions, female users also experience diminished self-efficacy and self-objectification where they become critical of themselves, their appearance, their worth, etc. This degrading behavior toward women has led them to become more fearful of participation in such a male-dominant community and choose to hide their identities rather than fight against ill treatment. 

Xenofeminists are a group of people who argue that anonymity is good for feminism. However, this passive outlook only masks the problem rather than finding a solution to improve society. The problem is that society does not believe that women, in comparison to everybody else, deserve equal representation and inclusion. Female game characters perpetuate a stereotype of hypersexualization — bigger chests, tight waste, wider hips, and skimpy clothing. Women who play games have things assumed about them, such as the assumption that they are a thot, a “titty streamer” using their cleavage to get more money, or that they are automatically worse at games in comparison to a man or a teenage boy. Xenofeminism would have us circumnavigate the problem by making everyone the same. To be a nobody in particular. What we need to do, as feminist game developers, is to include non-hypersexualized protagonists who represent multiple spectrums of humanity in a positive light. As feminist game consumers, we must support games that portray women and humanity in a way that has a strong, positive influence on society. As feminist stream consumers, we need to support women streamers for the content of their videos, not because they show a little skin. As feminist people, we need to remember that people have an inherent value that is thrown away when we consider ourselves anonymous.

Many strides have been taken over the years to make the world of video games a more inclusive space for those who desire to frag each other for several hours within a virtual world. Despite men traditionally being the vocal majority of gamers, “according to the Entertainment Software Association report in 2013, 55% of game players are male and 45% are females (Kondrat, 2015). This important statistic basically correlates to women having just as much interest for video games as their male counterparts. However, it also brings to attention how poorly represented women are portrayed in video games. Although there are some well-known exceptions like Street Fighter’s Chun-Li or Resident Evil’s Jill Valentine, many of them fall into the stereotype of “damsels in distress” or showcased “as objects of the male gaze: most women appear to be hardly older than 30, in most cases wear skin tight, figure-accenting clothing and are slim (Kondrat, 2015).” However, it is important to realize that this representation of women is not a problem exclusive to games. The problem actually lies further up the ladder and that entity is called “established social norms.” As video games are an entertainment industry that has since overtaken television and cinema and has become one of the largest media outlets of the modern world. Just like any industry however, money will always be a high incentive, the ultimate goal — and the best way to maximize profit is to appeal to the largest possible audience: men. Even in 2019, this incentive is the major reason as to why overly-sexualized character designs continue to fill the headlines. Our society wants women to be seen as sexual objects, dividing players into those who strive to challenge these principles in a medium they love, while others may choose to accept these “established social norms” and believe “that is how it has always been.”

In rise of this social injustice, Angela Washko is one such artist who creates feminist games as social commentary on the misrepresentation of women in games. One of her games, The Game: The Game, is a work that defies modern game standards. The Game takes on the genre of the dating simulator, a genre that can help people build skills for feeling more comfortable around the opposite sex. Her approach is from the perspective of a woman who is being hit on by creeps at the bar. The Game: The Game features mainly male characters who fancy themselves as pick-up artists. However, things quickly become disturbing and suspenseful as the player begins to feel nervous and uncomfortable as the eerie music turns to scary music and the men get more and more…abusive and corrupt. It puts into perspective how scary it is sometimes to be a woman and how men are not making things easier by seeing women as objects to be won instead of people. Seeing people as something less than people is traditionally the first step towards discrimination and disregard for human rights. 

Furthermore, Angela Washko also discusses the uniquely sexist environment of the culture within the game World of Warcraft, one of the most successful massively multiplayer online game. She states that some women desire to remain anonymous in order to not be found out and avoid sexism. This is not necessarily a good strategy for the long term. This only serves to let the male players continue to assume that there are no women playing the game, and perpetuates the echo chamber of unawareness, blatant sexism, and dehumanization. When Washko decided to discuss feminist topics openly in chat within World of Warcraft, many disturbing and upsetting comments were said about her. She was told countless times to “go back to the kitchen and make sandwiches.” The others in chat were calling feminists, as a whole, communists and man-haters, which is in and of itself such a misinformed statement that it comes off as a joke. All of this serves to show that male gamers are incredibly misinformed and the echo chamber that they exist in perpetuates feelings of fear in women gamers and a desire for secrecy as a temporary solution to the problem. In addition, another example involves Ji Firepaw, an AI character within the game who engages in sexist dialogue. The greeting of a male vs female is gender specific; for the female character, the focus is on how beautiful she is rather than how strong. Ji Firepaw greets a female character with, “ Hello, friend! You’re some kind of gorgeous, aren’t you? I bet you can’t keep the men off you! Join me! You and I are going to be good friends!”(Braithwaite, 2014). Here we can see how the focus of the female character is based on beauty. On the other hand, the greeting of a male character is, “ Hello, friend! You’ve got a strong look to you! I bet you’re all the rage with the ladies! Join me! You and I are going to be good friends!” (Braithwaite, 2014). For the male character, it is his strength that is being focused on. Even though this dialogue is brief and often overlooked, frequent interactions can indirectly influence a player whether he/she realizes it. 

Lara Croft from Tomb Raider could easily be argued as well represented female character. After all, if you examine her objectively, “she is independent, strong, smart, wealthy, and has an amazing body and countless skills...a perfect fantasy for both girls, who want to like her, and boys, who want to be someone like her” (Kondrat, 2015). Unfortunately the marketing team ended up designing their campaign around Lara’s physical features as much as they could. Promotional art of Lara in sensual poses and even half-naked female models at trade shows.

Temporary solutions are not what this generation is about. We grew up being told that anything is possible as long as you fight for it. Feminism is about everybody, not just women. It’s time not just women take a stand. Women need to be proud that they are gamers who refuse to submit to stereotypes, and male gamers need to stand up for them. If people do nothing and remain anonymous as the xenofeminists argue, then the echo chamber wins. Although it is impossible to completely ignore stereotyping, it is entirely possible to represent them in a light that is appealing to both genders.



Bibliography

Braithwaite, Andrea. “‘Seriously, Get out’: Feminists on the Forums and the War(Craft) on Women.” New Media & Society 16, no. 5 (August 2014): 703–18. doi:10.1177/1461444813489503. https://doi.org/10.1177/1461444813489503.

Fox, Jesse, and Bridget Potocki. "Lifetime Video Game Consumption, Interpersonal Aggression, Hostile Sexism, and Rape Myth Acceptance: A Cultivation Perspective." Journal of Interpersonal Violence 31, no. 10 (2016): 1912-931. https://doi.org/10.1177/0886260515570747. 

Fox, Jesse and Tang, Wai Yen. "Sexism in Online Video Games: The Role of Conformity to Masculine Norms and Social Dominance Orientation." Computers in Human Behavior 33, no. C (2014): 314-20. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.chb.2013.07.014. 
Xeniya Kondrat. “Gender and Video Games: How Is Female Gender Generally Represented in Various Genres of Video Games?” Journal of Comparative Research in Anthropology and Sociology, vol. 6, no. 1, 2015, pp. 171–193. 
 
 
 
 

https://angelawashko.com/home.html
http://www.laboriacuboniks.net/#firstPage (xenofeminism)
http://www.hyphen-labs.com/

Killing us softly. This is not a source, but it is really helpful especially for what Bryant was writing about.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnAY6S4_m5I&has_verified=1
