Alt-John Berger Video Response
======
John Berger’s Ways Of Seeing was a very interesting video series designed to challenge our concepts of sight involving reproductions of artworks and ads. Berger mentions in the beginning that his goal in making this series is to question some the assumptions that people make about the tradition of European painting, specifically during the years of 1400 to 1900. Not so much about the paintings themselves, but how we now see them. The “we” that he mentions are the people of the late 1900’s, and not necessarily the people today. This is important to mention because, the people of that time period did not have cell phones as technologically advanced as the ones we have now at the end of the 2010’s. Social media did not influence them. This is important because of what he says next. “If we think about this, we can discover something about ourselves and the situation in which we are living.” What we can discover is our innate desire to own what we are seeing.

John Berger says something very interesting about the camera. It can take anything visible and turn put a copy of it any place, at any time, and for any purpose. This means that art which was once unique now has millions of copies. They are surrounded by the frame of your own life. They are no longer an integral part of the building they were from. Everything around the image is somewhat, part of its meaning. It’s meaning is therefore distorted by the different surroundings. The days of pilgrimage are over. Now the authenticity of the work is under question and no longer just seen. Genuineness is important because it replaces, through the use of increased market value, what images have lost since the invention of the camera.

We should not confuse these works with the purpose and significance of the general tradition. Oil painting is a medium in which celebrated private possessions, through the ownership of the painting. Seeing reproductions however, makes us want to possess the real thing. This is the basis of advertising.

John Berger made these videos with the intent of encouraging us to understand the nature of the tradition of capturing an image. He was doing this in 1972 when cameras and color advertisements were not far away from having just become mainstream. The ideas he discusses have an interesting point about the materialism behind the tradition of capturing an image. It is clear that He is critical of certain aspects of that tradition, but reminds us that everything shown through reproduction, is judged against the viewer’s own experience. And from within my experience, I judge the message of his videos as something good to keep in mind as we experience reproductions and artificial image content on a scale with no precedent. It is my fear that we are being manipulated by the images that we see on a massive scale, and that this will bring about the downfall of humanity, or else cause some other massive damage to the most unique planet we have ever observed, Earth.
