## Reading Two

John Berger starts off with introducing the camera and how it had changed the world’s perspective and what we see and how we are see it. The way we view images today are different because technology has advanced to a point where we are able to mass produce original paintings thru digital images and see them anytime we want. Berger stated that paintings are still and silent and “the most obvious way to manipulate them” (Berger) is to attach sound and movement to them. This is where the camera comes in and zooms into the original painting, revealing its details and meaning. For example, when a camera zooms in on one particular face and that face takes up the whole canvas, the meaning of the whole painting changes just from zooming in. Considering how technology has advanced, and how it is still constantly improving, it is not surprising if we come up with something more than just zooming into a face or a part of a painting. As we live in 2019 today, we have all these advanced applications, such as Adobe products, that can help us edit and accomplish the image or painting without using physical labor, but rather we use the magic of technology. 

I thought it was interesting when John Berger mentioned how the definition of nudity and being naked are different. According to Berger, “to be naked is to be oneself, and to be nude, is to be seen naked by others and not be recognized by oneself” (Berger), which I found surprising because I had always thought they were the same. The idea of being naked and just having woman look silent and mute were mainly how men viewed woman, which then influences how women see themselves. I believe that how women were seen back in the day also impacts how women are seen in our modern society. 

In the 3rd video, Berger begins to discuss the role of paintings as a sign of wealth and power. Berger explained how oil paintings included “the tangibility, the solidity, the texture, the weight, (and) the graspability” of what was shown. He also stated how the oil paintings are demonstrations of the artist. For example, Berger talks about food paintings and how we are not able to eat those paintings, but they implicitly depict the artist as the “artist’s virtuosity (and) owner’s wealth”. As time passed, these paintings have changed and as technology continues to advance, we see artists presenting their “wealth” and “virtuosity” in other artistic ways, such as through photography. 

Berger ends the series by talking about images that surround us and how those are depictions of different ways to live our lives, which may also then trigger our imaginations and inspirations. Berger talks about how we as the public are a consumer society where we constantly purchase stuff to make our lives or other people’s lives better and by doing so, the idea of having “more” makes us “richer”. Berger explains how advertisements affect our people because we are constantly persuaded by the idea of having more. Today, there are millions of advertisements wanting the public to buy their products and by attracting attention, the ads are more directed towards fulfilling the public’s needs and wants. 
