# Ways of Seeing 

After watching Ways of Seeing by John Berger, I felt that his ideas are reflective of today’s society and especially the way we receive, react, and interpret images presented in the media. Berger mainly discusses the role of the camera and how it shifts the perspective that people have been used to when viewing traditional European paintings. Technology has given us the tools to mass produce a lot of things, and the camera is one part of the set that has allowed us to mass reproduce paintings and other art. Because of this mass production and reproduction, Berger stated that we are allowed to view things we cannot view before, such as historical paintings, in the comfort of our own home. This reminded me of a previous discussion about reproduction and the value of art-making. The original painting will always have more value compared to its reproduction because of its authenticity and the fact that as society, we put more value in craftsmanship, time, and effort into creating a piece. Considering before technology, artists had to manually edit photos and videos with physical tools in lengthy periods of time. Now, with applications such as Photoshop and Premiere Pro, we’ve cut the time and physical labor. The critique about technology is that it loses the human touch, the thing that makes an art piece authentic. In contrast, utilizing technology and having the ability to create something through the use of technology is mystifying; without a description that describes how the artist created a new media piece, the viewer is left to wonder how the artist even accomplished the piece. 

Images shown in social media have different types of reactions and represent different parts of our lives. In my opinion, the main images that society is drawn to the most are advertisements and memes. Advertisements, as shown in the video, showed a distorted reality. Ads have a different sense of reality, showing what is considered to be perfect, beautiful, and wealthy. What contrasts advertisements then versus nowadays is that there is more representation and a closer touch to the whole society. Although the main focus of the ad is to sell a product, more people can relate to the ad due to more and more people being represented in them, and as a result, more people are drawn to that specific brand or product due to its vast representation. 

Another form of images that we interact with on social media is memes. While they are not as formal or professional as advertisements, memes also appeal to the viewers, but without the incentive to sell something. Like advertisements, they comment on society, but the main difference is that memes are very reflective of reality. Memes are an informal way of expressing emotions and reactions to events of society. While they are meant to be satirical and funny, some memes do carry serious messages. A major example is the rise of Trump memes when he became president. While the memes were poking fun at him, they highlighted the fact that Trump was the next president and the memes were one of the ways people were trying to deal with it. 

Historically, I think that art had a major role in displaying power and prestige. As Berger stated, those in power were able to commission pieces and those who owned paintings were considered wealthy and in the high class nobility. As I previously mentioned, society values the human touch in an art piece. Traditional European paintings have the high value because of not only its authenticity, but also by the monetary journey - the more people who have bought the piece, the higher its value. I think that now, art is not highly regarded in comparison to the Renaissance era, and I feel that art today clearly does not display power and prestige. Society views art as more of a hobby than a career, and if one chooses to pursue in the arts, then there’s serious backlash, especially in some families - something I can attest to. I feel that art, while society might not see it as critically important, it is more for the artist than it is for the viewer. Art is a way to express ideas, react to society, and interact with others in a unique way. Art while it may not display power and prestige, it gives the artist the power to be creative. 
