I personally agree with the statement that in our human history, artwork has always played a role in terms of demonstrating a sense of power and prestige, because usually the ones who have these artworks are nobles in the past. Peasants did not really care much for art because all they wanted is to survive. There is a difference however, when referring to the artist. An artist can come from a poor background and might create pieces that people would call a masterpiece. Of course, when that artist continues in their career, he or she will gain more fame and money and then it leads to the showing of power and prestige. Once an artist gets there, they are considered high class. In history, nobles and the like, love to flaunt their artworks because they want to show how rich they are to their neighbors and friends. It is basically a competition between nobles to show what artworks they have bought over their life time. In the history of mankind, art has become a way to keep track of history itself and people want to be able to keep that and be the ones who pass on history and to show that they are the intelligent ones who kept these art works in the first place. Whether it be relics, artifacts, beautiful stoneware; the ones who hunger for power and prestige will try to get their hands on it and show the world that they are the ones who own such a piece.
These ideas and concept, of course, have never died out and it is still represented in 2019. There are still auctions that usually the rich attend to seek out marvelous artwork and the such to own and show off to the world their wealth and prestige. However, it is not just this concept; everyday normal people that have access to a camera or even a phone like to take images of their selves and like to show off their body in order to get praise or as we now call it, likes, we have became more narcistic about ourselves that we show off our body to show prestige and popularity. I believe, however, that coming from the artist perspective, the hunger for power and prestige has diminished, because there are many artists out there who do not care about the fame, power, or prestige and they just want to do it because it is something they just enjoy or because its meditative. Obviously, we as artists, strive to make our work stand out and hopefully get somewhere, but we also want our work to be a part of who we are and how we love to do this. I’m not doubting that in history, artists did what they did because they liked it, but I believe that to a certain point, those artists started to follow the power and prestige more than passion. In the end, art has a significance when it comes to power and prestige, and it may have increased in the 21st century, but all in all, it should not affect the passion for the creative arts. 
