In the documentary the Ways of Seeing by John Berger there are four episodes in the documentary. They are about how we see paintings when they are given a certain setting, how we see women, oil painting and how it is about possessions, and lastly about advertisements and how our society consumes advertisement products. In the first episode, John Berger talks about how we see painting when giving a certain setting. For example, Berger gives us a variety of ways of looking at a painting from being silent or having music with it. When given a different setting of how we look at paintings we perceive paintings way differently than looking at it from a one-sided view. This to me was very interesting because when Berger presented the same paintings with different types of settings, to me, it really did give a different understanding of what the painting is meant to be. He also says that we have no way of controlling how we perceive paintings if we were to see paintings in television because the camera is the one telling the story of how the painting can look like; unlike if a person goes to a museum and looks at an authentic painting. 

Episode two talks about how women are perceived in paintings. In the episode it talks about how women are portrayed as a symbol of lust and how men perceived women in their eyes. This episode has a lot of similarities of how we perceive women today. I think the way we see women in todays world especially with the technology we have is what Berger was talking about in episode two. Today, we see women in pictures as a symbol of lust and men give them validation as a reward in exchange just like how it was back then. They were also talking about how women had unproportioned bodies in the paintings because that’s how men want to see women as. I think this is why a lot of women do a lot of body modifications today because they see unrealistic expectations of what men want in women and they want to fulfill those expectations.

In episode three it talks about how oil paintings are made only to preserve how people lived their lavish lifestyles. The oil paintings that Berger showed were about people showing off the dress they had, the food they were eating, or the things they owned that captured their lavish lifestyles. I think in today’s world it is similar in photographs because people like to take pictures of the lavish lifestyles that they acquire today. Now people still do the same exact same thing as what people did back then just in a different way.Today’s world and the earlier days have a lot in common about what people want in life and now I start to wonder if people will ever change as time goes or keep repeating history and do the same but in different forms. 

Lastly, episode four talks about how advertisements affect our people. In the episode it talks about advertisements as a way for people to fill the void of being wealthy and loved. People tend to fall for advertisements because they see it everywhere and they think that since its everywhere it must be good to get it for them. Even in today’s society a lot of people are falling for advertisements because the advertisements that companies put out now is all about fulfilling peoples void of relationships, sex, and other things that people lack that they think can be solved with buying products. 
