John Berger starts off with analyzing the meaning left in paintings after the video camera became available to almost everyone in the world. What paintings had going for them was the exclusivity. You were only able to see an original painting in person where it hung and because of this people would travel great lengths to observe. Now that we have the camera and advancing technology that could even mass produce prints of that painting, I think they have lost that exclusivity. With camera accessibility also came easy manipulation. In the film Berger shows us how different a painting can be taken as when only shown certain parts with a camera. If you zoom over only the sky of a war painting the painting becomes something totally different. I think that with manipulation used to its extent today in the world that original paintings have gotten some of their exclusivity back.

In the second video, women and how they were viewed was the subject analyzed through old paintings. I found it interesting when Berger said that there was a difference between being nude and being naked. To be naked is to be one’s self, to be nude is to be seen naked by others and not be recognized as oneself. These paintings were of suggestively submissive women that were nude. One of the women in the study group put the situation of men and women up bring in life back then and today into words perfectly. She pointed out that “a women’s image of herself is driven directly from other people while a man’s image is derived from the world, the world gives him back his image because he acts in it.” This is so true. The way bother these genders are raised in today’s society is as toxic as it was back then. The helpless image of women in paintings have definitely transferred over into technology use today. 

Publicity in advertisements hold messages that we carry with us throughout the day and throughout life and are something you can surprisingly connect back to oil paintings. Gestures, settings, signs of love, and etc. that we can recognize in today’s ads have all derived from these original paintings. Although using these same techniques, there is much more flash and falseness in the ads today that there were then. Back then if someone’s life was portrayed on canvas it reflected their current social class and status they were held to. In today’s publicity there are mounds of dressed up situations that that person doesn’t really live in but that’s not the purpose. The purpose is to make the viewer want this lifestyle and the riches that this model is portrayed to have. What is reality at this point. Berger even describes the culture as mad. If only he would see to what extent the world of ads persuades and consumes us. Today’s ads have taken what they were taught back then and dramatized it to a toxic point and technology has helped it get there.
