## Reading Two: John Berger's *Ways of Seeing*


John Berger’s *Ways of Seeing* is an interesting four-part television series that touches upon the ideas of paintings becoming transmittable, the perception of women’s role in society, how/what oil paintings have represented through history, and the power of publicity and how it influences us today. To begin with, Berger talks about the transformability of paintings and how they can be manipulated and transformed by the movement of cameras, words that are around it, or music that is played over it. By doing so, it can create new possible meanings while destroying its unique, original meaning. These techniques remind me of documentaries that delve into the history of specific items or objects; the structure of the documentary consists of displaying each item from different angles, cut scenes, with the addition of music that can set the mood for the viewer as well as give character to the object — eerie music is played alongside imagery of historical items to give a sense of mystery and wonder. It draws in the viewer and makes them want to watch more.  

In addition, in the second part of Berger’s *Ways of Seeing*, Berger discusses the issues behind the degrading portrayal of women throughout history. In the 1500s-1900s, women have been portrayed as objects and were mainly painted in the nude. Typically, the artists were male artists and painted the women for their own pleasures as well as the pleasure of the viewer. With the woman’s attention directed out of the painting toward the spectator with the addition of the positioning of the body to be loose and lackadaisical, the depicted body language is enticing and seductive. As Berger states, the women are there to “feed an appetite and not have their own.” For instance, the *Grande Odalisque*(1814), painted by Jean Auguste Dominique, depicts a woman lying on her side with her back facing the viewer. She is in the nude and is turning her head over her right shoulder to look back at the spectator. Personally, I believe that this long history of depicting women as objects has directly influenced modern day society and how we perceive/treat women today; there are still evident inequalities in the workplace as well as in the hierarchical/ideological structure of the family setting. Moreover, I think that this vision of women is also created by the lack of acknowledgment for women artists. Women artists are looked down upon because they are inferior to men and were disapproved of/not accepted by society. 

Furthermore, Berger talks about the role of oil paintings and how it has been used to depict wealth and power. Oil paintings were used to emphasize tangibility, solidity, texture, weight, and the graspability of what was painted. It showed off the artist’s virtuality as well as the owner’s wealth. Today however, I believe that the purpose of art and paintings has changed. Rather than only depicting a person’s wealth or power, art has been used as a way to start a dialogue, push for activism, act as a form of self-expression, etc. In addition, the value of oil paintings has changed over time; with more art collectors wanting to own original artworks, the value of each painting has risen significantly over the years, reaching up to hundreds of millions of dollars. Unfortunately, the artist of the work typically does not make great profit off of their work, especially in modern times; the first interaction between the artist and buyer could range from a couple hundred to a couple thousand, however the prices between one collector to another can reach tens or hundreds of thousands where none of these profits are given to the artist even if it is his/her work. It is a sad reality.

Finally, Berger talks about publicity and its effects on society. Especially in today’s society, posters, magazines, news,  and propaganda, have all greatly influenced our everyday lives and how we perceive ourselves, each other, and the world. Berger states, “Publicity both promises and threatens. It plays upon fear. Often the fear of not being desirable, of being enviable.” I agree with this statement because with widespread social media, everyone wants to be acknowledge for something — whether it is for their looks, their lifestyle, artwork, etc. It has become so integrated into our lives that comments from anonymous people begin to define us as people rather than having the ability to love ourselves as who we are. An example would be *Instagram* where millions of people tune into this platform to post pictures and videos, like and comment on others, follow, and unfollow. It is a very scary thought to think that we have such a strong need to be recognized by society where we need likes and follows to define our self worth. 


