# Reading 2
The videos called “Ways of Seeing” are basically about how Renaissance and medieval paintings symbolized wealth and prosperity.
The first episode discussed oil paintings and how the advancement of technology changed their meaning by reproduction and distribution of these paintings.  The second episode focused on the meaning of nude paintings and how different women share their perspectives on this topic.
The third installment brings up the significance art and paintings have held as a status symbol and the tendency people have to describe art in ways that are perhaps intentionally mysterious. The final episode of the series compared and contrasted historical paintings with what, at the time, was modern advertising.

Even though these videos were old it still gave me valuable information about how the invention of camera revolutionized the way wee see things. Before the camera, we could only experience  things with our eyes which is only can be at once point at a time. However, everything is changes with the invention of camera, images from all around the world could be brought to us in front of our eyes. It also changed the way we look at paintings and understand their meanings. Possibly, the reproduction of a paintings does not keep the same meaning as the original painting.  Also,  the reproduction of a painting could decrease the value of the original work because the copies now are available to anyone so there is no reason to buy the expensive original one. However, seeing the painting in person is not the same as seeing it on a computer screen. There is something that the camera can never capture that makes the original piece so valuable.  

The second episode covers the topic of “nude” vs “naked”.  Berger states that European painting do not really show women as they actually are in real life. They are depicted as sexual, fantastical, just the way men desire. Sexual paintings were purchased by rich men and the more is shown on the paintings the more it will be desired for purchase. Its that same spirit that is still there today and will always be there.

The last two episodes basically focused on money and advertising. It is interesting how the European oil painting were simple demonstrations of what gold and money could buy. These paintings celebrated merchandise like never before. It became the actual principal; of these works. They demonstrates the artist’s virtuosity and the owner’s wealth. Livestock, objects, houses, figure’s clothes represented wealth. Today, we take photographs on our phones or cameras, but then it was a painting and not everyone could afford this. Historical paintings seem to be displaying wealth as an internal affirmation of value, a personal status symbol, while advertising focuses on creating a desire and attraction for the things it depicts in idealized circumstances.

  I think that this idea of materialism which is the is even more prevalent today because of the advancement of technology. People want to buy the next big thing and buying something new gives them a temporary happiness.
