Trevor Paglin highlights compelling ideas and facts in his piece, Invisible Images (your pictures are looking at you). He introduces the idea that in today’s society we view things differently, literally. Not only do we view and experience things differently, but with the invention and continuing improvements to digital media, platforms and other things, images are presented to us differently. Digital images prove to be truly revolutionary and remarkable.  Paglin specifies how, “they can only be seen by humans in special circumstances and for short periods of time. A photograph shot on a phone creates a machine-readable file that does not reflect light in such a way as to be perceptible to a human eye.” They utilize secondary applications, like software-based photo viewers and artists (along with a liquid crystal display & backlight) which allows for humans to be able to look at the image. However what’s particularly new and innovative in comparison to antiquated and tangible pictures or paintings is that the image essentially goes away when you put away your phone or turn off your computer.  Paglin goes on to break down the differences of posting pictures on social media versus showing friends physical copies of photos.  Digital Images continue to ‘work’ even long after one posts them via internet sources.  For example, they allow for social media AI’s to improve their abilities in identifying people, recognizing places and objects, habits and preferences, race, class, and gender identifications amongst a ton of other things.  Needless to say Trevor Paglin presents a ton of super interesting points about digital images.  I think even I fall within the category of those taking digital images and the weight they hold for granted.  What an interesting read.   
