# Reading One Response

The first journal article I selected was the Gender Analysis of the “1st person shooter with a female heroine. This article by Anne-Marie Schleiner discusses the female protagonist being introduced into the world of video games, mostly dominated by male gamers and audiences. The focus of the article was the role and image of Lara Croft, the protagonist of the Tomb Raider series. Tomb Raider was one of the earliest games that broke gender roles by placing a female character into situations that male characters are conditioned to - exploring unknown worlds, battling enemies, uncovering groundbreaking secrets, and obtaining valuable treasures. However, Schleiner explains that the image of Lara Croft was more sexualized than respected as a groundbreaking character by the gamer world with the introduction of Nude Raider, which was a hacked version of the game in which the player can play as Lara without any clothes. In this case, Lara became the main focus of players by tapping into the male fantasy rather than the players focusing on how to overcome situations in the game.
Another point in the reading was about how Lara Croft became a role model for young girls and women. In this instance, Lara’s determination and toughness creates a positive image for younger audiences, especially for young women who seek characters in their image. Young girls are conditioned by society to princesses, fairies, and dolls, but Lara in this case, shows girls that women can be tough and adventurous. However, this image can still be sexualized in a negative way. The other image that is presented to girls is that, as I have said, plays into the male fantasy. Lara Croft is a fit, tall, young woman who is capable of overcoming terrain and committing acts of violence to achieve her goal. This image can create impossible expectations of beauty, a problem that society faces. 
This article, which was written in the late 1990s, still has some of the issues that are presented today. Female characters in some games are still sexualized, helpless, and are the end game goals and trophies for male audiences. A major problem that video game designers and artists have to solve is how to present a female character without sexualizing her or making her seem helpless and in need of a strong male to save her. 
Another essay I read was by Geri Wittig who interviewed Vangie “Aurora” Beal who is the director of GameGirlz.com. In this interview, Beal discusses how women are trying to enter a male dominated video game system. In the interview, Beal highlights that more and more women are playing video games and the number of female video game designers are slowly increasing. In that aspect, I think that society today has seen even more female video game players and designers. Comparing today and when the interview was done, I think a main issue that women in the video game industry face is obtaining the respect from men in that space. Women in general seek to be respected in all professional fields, but in a field male-dominated and where it mostly targets male audiences, it seems a bit harder for women to gain the respect, especially since I want to enter the video game industry. 
