# Reading Response No. 1

In the first essay on the 2nd issue titled An Introduction to virtual reality, Leda Kanellakos says a lot of very interesting ideas for the future of virtual reality in the home. Right off the bat, it is important to note that this was written in 1994, this was eight months before Nintendo released their virtual games headset called the Virtual Boy. That game system was a massive flop due to how heavy and finicky it was, and the graphics were harshly red and still very rudimentary by today’s standards. It really puts it into context how far ahead in the future the author was looking when considering their predictions on self expression with VR as a means to do so. 

Now, in the year 2019, virtual reality headsets are capable of displaying graphics that are somewhat convincing are available on the market for household use. And, while there are still some kinks to work out, people are beginning to communicate with virtual personas just like Kanellakos predicted. It is particularly interesting to me to revisit this essay at a time where brands like Playstation, HTC, and Oculus, are producing virtual reality headsets commercially and for the purpose of gaming and communicating, and succeeding where Nintendo previously failed.

We live in an age where we can part with just $499 and, as long as we have the state of the art Personal Computer or Playstation 4 to keep up with the tech, we can enter into an amazing virtual world through the wildly successful game, VR Chat. Just like what Kanellakos said, this game includes the option to change your outward appearance to a different gender, a popular cartoon character, or whatever 3D model you have access to.  However, VR is not as all-encompassing yet as the author has outlined. We have just barely reached a point where we can “have the chance to ex-perience sensory worlds distinguishable from the real world,” and have only touched the surface of the “total freedom of expression” that can happen in VR. As things are now, this new hardware is proving cumbersome to wear and calibrate and there are a lot of unforeseen bugs, like smacking the walls of your apartment when you are swinging around a virtual light saber, or tripping over the wires when you are jogging in place to simulate your avatar running. The software in use for these also has some pretty terrifying bugs, made more terrifying by the fact that you are experiencing them in first person.

The author’s points also reflect a worry that was present in the time. A movie from 4 years after this article was released, called eXistenZ, also describes this sort of fear almost that virtual reality is going to get too good and corrupt our sense of what it means to live in real life. The movie’s plot involves an assassin who is attempting to kill the architect of the most immersive VR experience yet. And in the end, the question remains, are they really back in the real world? This fear of if VR has gotten too real is less present today. There was a recent novel and then lukewarm movie adaptation called Ready Player One that celebrated VR giving a burgeoning poor population, the ability to escape their dull and meager lives. However it continued to warn about the dangers of living too much in the virtual world, saying that, games are wonderful, but at the end of the day, it’s what is present in real life that matters. This lack of fear may be due to what we have seen so far in VR. A VR experience that has the potential to destroy humanity is still a ways off. Kanellakos may not have been so ponderous, if they had seen Ugandan Knuckles.
