Virtual Reality a brief introduction by Leda Kanellakos,  Nov 30, 1994 


It is interesting to read the opinions about the idea of virtual reality when it was in the past. 
When this essay was written, virtual reality graphics were not as top-notch as what we have in the present day. The author’s position about how virtual reality involves a little bit of hallucination is quite interesting, because I believe that in a way. People who are in the virtual reality are experiencing a little hallucination, because the illusion of being in that space makes the person hallucinate the idea that they are actually in that space. One example I can give is the multiple videos that involve people who are tasked to ride a rollercoaster using a virtual reality setup. You’ll eventually see that when the rollercoaster moves to one side, the person also moves to that side and eventually falls because of unbalance. The author also brings up another good point about communication and setting up meetings in the virtual space. They believe that setting up meetings in a virtual space can be deceiving, because you can basically create an avatar that might be completely different than who you are, which might lead to self-interested objectives. Lastly, I want to reference the author’s last few words in the essay. They say that virtual reality will not deceive our senses; while I do believe that in a way, at this time, virtual reality does indeed deceive some of our senses if not all. The obvious one is sight, and with today’s technology, our sense of touch can also be deceived as well with well-made environments that reflect what is in the virtual space. In the end, it was interesting to see what the past thought of a technology that is highly developed in the present and it makes me wonder what their opinion is today. 


