
Low Tech/High Concept by Jenny Hager on 2003
In Low Tech/High Concept they talk about how low-tech is reliable and trustworthy. The government used low tech communications and non-traditional communications to respond to the September 11 event. September 11 was also deemed a Low-Tech/High Concept because the terrorists hi-jacked the plane using box cutters and flew the plane off into American culture symbols of power. I think that this example of a Low Tech/High Concept is a good example of how low technologies can be of use even though many people died from the September 11 event. It shows that a use of Low-technology with a High concept can deal a great damage to our country and that we need to focus on not only high-technology attacks but also low-technology attacks. Before 911 happened, we believed that low-technology attacks were easily controlled and that America focused more on high tech defense and security defenses. Now that 911 happened we know that no amount of technology can protect us. This also applies in the world of art. Lev Manovich classifies two kinds of worlds in the art world. The first one is called “Turingland” which is the computer art world side and the second one which is the art world is called “Duchampland”. He differentiated the computer art world side and the art world side because he believed that the computer art world focused on the state-of-the-art technology of art while the art world focused on the content of the work. I think the reason why Lev Manovich differentiates two different worlds of art is because technology seems to be a heavy emphasis on America that the people don’t pay much attention to the smaller details and use of low tech items.

Our Work in 4 Ltrs. by Kevin and Jennifer McCoy on March 6, 2002 
In this article the authors both talk about how they both work together in no more than 4 words. They talk about how they work together all the time to make art that they ended up getting married and make art everywhere they go. This article to me is actually interesting because of the idea that they made an article about their work within a constrained amount of words. They managed to tell a story about how they work on art that they don’t know what will come out of it and even explain how code is like and how they implement it in their works. Making a 4-letter word article is very challenging and I think it’s a very unique idea of how to write an article especially an article about how they work as a couple. 






