### Artificial Love Life is as Real as the Real Thing
Artificial Love Life is as Real as the Real Thing sounds awkward, but it’s a true statement. From the experiment professor Farsad had 2 human, a female was S and the male was D. They were forced to follow the love rules from the book Love by Stendhal which are “Admiration, Hope, Birth of Love, Doubt, First Crystallization, Love is Solidified and Second Crystallization.” S followed the rules more serious, so she was the first one to fall in love. Compare to real life, love remain the same, but the access to love had been changed throughout years. Before, when we talked about love, it was the emotion 2 human had for each other physically. Having the internet and social network improved, love became more and more easier to access since people can get to know each other online, through app. Love can be distance. Before, wealth gap was the love killer, but now, expectation kills love the most. Because of knowing each other online, people can picture the others in their mind as an ideal person, but when the real person doesn’t match the ideal person, expectation crashes. As a result, artificial love life is also something people can consider. Since it’s artificial, expectation doesn’t have much effect on love. It is only 2 human that matter. Love is love, no matter if it’s artificial or not, it’s still love, so it’s real. I’ve known a lot of people know each other online, talk for an amount of time, decide to meet and boom, expectation crashes, they break up. In Japan, some guys rather date a virtual girl than a real girl because virtual girl don’t cheat on them. Technology and its development nowadays not only change our living habit, but can also changes our mating habit. 

### Classroom vs Studio
The article “Classroom and Studio” by Jan Ekenberg summarizes the environment art’s student is using to study not only in the past, but also apply to nowadays. As the author stated in the article, classroom model is more open for student to listen and share. This method is more traditional, but also works great for students to learn from others. On the other hand, studio model is a more private way of study giving student a self area to explore. As it also mentioned in the article, before, art school was very hard to get in which only for wealthy person or extremely talented. Unlike before, art nowadays is for anyone who wants to study. Art is easier to approach. Interestingly, for a long time, the learning model in art doesn’t change that much. In the past, studio was more common since not many people were able to pursue an art career. But the resources for having all studio model was too expensive, they have to combine two model for good. As a result, we still have both model which depends on what practice artists need for nowadays uses. 
