  As I was reading “An Introduction to Virtual Reality” written by Leda Kanellakos it shows that technology has advanced over the last 30 years but the ideas didn’t change. The concept of what virtual reality was in 1994 is exactly the same as it is today. Vr is used as an emersion to explore another world. It was interesting to read how the computer simulation worked because the vocabulary they used to describe it was “hallucination”. Something interesting about this article was that Kanellakos brought up the idea of telepresence which we don’t hear much about with VR. In the article, she mentioned that VR is a piece of equipment that can be used to help amplify communication. The way she explained it seems like you can make your own character similar to Mii characters from your Wii where the user can create a persona that looks like them. 
    She then suggested that by entering into a different time and space through VR is it possible to host meetings by telepresence? “Actual face-to-face communication (not through VR) may no longer be the most immediate form of interpersonal communication since it may prove too confining. Why meet face-to-face when I can schedule the meeting through VR and change my image?”. This then brought up the next idea of VR having the ability to convey our senses. To fully experience virtually, we’ll try to include touch into the videos/ games. I do see new developments trying to improve the experience such as Universal Studios incorporating smell into their sit-in coasters to allow the viewers to get the full feel. At the end of the article, I found it interesting how she said she isn’t convinced that it won’t “satisfy or deceive our senses” but to me I disagree because with the technology improving every day I do think there will be a time where technology will be able to deceive our senses one day. 
    Another article I read was “Virtual Celluloid “ by a switch staff where they talked about how VR is a common theme that appears in many movies. It demonstrates the infinite possibilities for what comes in the future with technology. “Virtual reality is still being shown as something more for the elite group and typically, though not always, an evil brother is lurking right in there over our shoulder. Call it the need for Hollywood drama, but VR is providing us with an excellent Hi-Tech turn of the century villain”. This is similar to how it is today because all the movie/ tv shows are all leaning towards hi-tech. Shows such as Black Mirrors portrays the unlimited amount of crazy ideas of how the future is going to be with technology and all of them seem reasonable. It’s interesting to see how back then, they already had all these ideas of what technology can do and it is amazing to see how we actually further develop it. 
