## Reading One Response 

#### "Fashion by Chun Chang (Jan 14, 2002)

“Fashion” by Chun Chang was an interesting read that explores the importance of clothing and its ability to represent one’s status in Chinese culture. The author begins by delving into an early time period of China, the Qing Dynasty, and describes the gradual change in clothing regulations that have occurred through the dynasties until present day. Elements such as the color of the clothing, to the material, the design, a person’s hair, shoes, and hats, were all regulated as a way to determine one’s level in society. For example, during the Qing Dynasty, changing clothing styles and cutting queues (a hairstyle worn by males, typically a long braid) became a sign of rejection toward the Qing imperialism, and toward the mid 1900’s, the People’s Republic of China carried the slogan “Labor is honor,” which triggered a change in clothing style from elegance and beauty to one of labor and army uniforms. Eventually, toward the late 1900’s, clothing regulations began to deteriorate and people were allowed to dress freely. 

As a person of Taiwanese descent, I have been exposed to the ideology behind the importance of clothing and its color. Though I do not necessarily practice it myself, I know that certain colors in the Chinese culture are significant in meaning. For example, the color red symbolizes wealth and fortune, luck, joy, vitality, and celebration — red wedding dresses are typically worn by Chinese brides as a sign to ward of evil and to bring about happiness. In addition, the color white symbolizes innocence and purity. However, the color white in Chinese culture has the completely opposite meaning to American culture. In Chinese culture, white is associated with death and is typically worn at funerals. Or, if one is grieving a loved one with poor health, she/he may wear an article of white clothing during that time. In addition, different types of embroidery and patterns also have a significant meaning that represent luck, wealth, longevity, good fortune, etc. Popular patterns include animals, plants, flowers, dragons, and geometrical patterns.


#### "Are You There?" by Liz Solo (Nov 20, 2013)
“Are You There?” by Liz Solo talks about her practices as an artist and the hidden potential of the virtual space. Beginning as a performance artist, Liz Solo worked with installations — projecting images on the walls and ceilings while inviting her audience to take part in the piece and essentially become a part of the story. One day, she meets Jeremy Owen Turner who inevitably sparks her interest in online virtual spaces, telepresence, immersion, virtual embodiment, avatar customizability, and the ability to communicate and collaborate with others over long distances. 

With the development of better and better technology, the ability to collaborate and communicate with others around the world has come with ease. This is evident in the working environment with the need to collaborate with teams overseas and more so in the world of games where players from around the world come together to socialize and play. In addition, I believe that with the development of augmented reality and virtual reality, the way we see or experience the world will change. For example, nowadays there are online virtual spaces of museums and galleries that people can experience through a web browser rather than having to physically go to the a museum or gallery in person. It brings the environment to the person in a home setting. However, the experience of this virtual environment will be drastically different in comparison to being physically there. I wonder if it is possible to develop a very realistic rendering of a virtual space in VR so that it could trick the mind into making one believe that he/she is truly there? Possibly in the future. 
