R1
SWITCH Journal Articles

Issue 26, Chance Operations by dsiembieda. January 12, 2009
This essay documented and outlined a co-curated, one-night exhibition that took place in the Climate Theater in San Francisco’s SOMA neighborhood. For this exhibition, the artists involved focused their work on the idea of chance, drawing inspiration from the Dada movement’s linguistics, Marcel Duchamp’s found objects, John Cage’s sound compositions, and more.
One experimental piece of the show, a work by Kathleen Quillian and Gilbert Guerrero titled, “Open Composition for an Indeterminate Social Ensemble”, incorporated visitors by allowing them to take wine glasses as wine was being served at the show. These wine glasses were each labelled with single phrases out of a larger body of text, and the glass that each visitor received was by chance, making for different conversation starters and unique characteristics for each individual during the night. I thought this one was the most interesting piece in the show. All the other works were also well documented. I thought it was interesting that this piece had no technology involved at all yet was the most interesting and open-ended chance-based project of the show in my opinion. 
	I think chance is a very interesting topic in art because I’m used to thinking hard about the theory and meaning behind art. I really like film, and a director would never wing a camera shot or scene. Everything is thought through meticulously, but I get how chance adds a completely different aspect of understanding to the art. I’m also interested in installation pieces, or works that take the space they are in into consideration. I think the piece “Open Composition for an Indeterminate Social Ensemble” had as few rules and boundaries for the outcome as possible, which inspires me to think about film in a more open and interpretive way.

Issue 27, Virtual Worlds and the Collapse of Metaphor by John Lester (AKA Pathfinder). November 17, 2011
This essay discussed the roots of humankind’s desire for tools to help better understand and experience the world around us. It then talked about the media of virtual worlds and how they exist as video games and also open-ended platforms with no rules or limits. The author John Lester made interesting points about how the future of virtual world technology is moving towards experiences that can stimulate all of the human senses. Soon there will be technology that gives us an experience equivalent and indistinguishable from reality. This was concerning to me at first, but from an art standpoint I am very excited for this. I like to make films and one thing I try to create with my animations is an atmosphere or experience for my viewers. Lester brought up that the existence of this technology would blend the virtual experience and reality together, creating just one hybrid experience with both. He advised at the end of his essay to ponder what drives us as humans to want to have virtual experiences. As the line between virtual and physical realities is blurred, we need to consider what makes us human and how reality is different that virtual space. As I was reading this, I was thinking about how reality is better than virtual space, but then I began considering a virtual space that seems and feels exactly like reality, just with all physical and conceptual limitations removed. I feel like this would be an incredible and amazing place, but it concerns me to think that a virtual space would be more popular than the real physical space. Like in Ready Player One when the virtual space makes humans feel more alive than just living in their actual reality. I would be excited to create an artistic experience in the form of a virtual environment, but I would not want to end up trapped inside a simulation. 
