http://switch.sjsu.edu/archive/v25/articles/architectural_sustainability/index.html<br>
“Architectural Sustainability” by Mike Lowell (SWITCH25)<br>
http://switch.sjsu.edu/archive/v25/articles/green_technology/index.html<br>
“On Green Technology” by Julia Butterfly<br>
<br><br>The article I chose is called “Architectural Sustainability” by Mike Lowell where he talks about buildings that are becoming more and more integrated with their environment in different ways that range from social concerns for local community to environmental responsiveness. He says it is important for architecture to continue to concern itself with matters that go beyond just the design of the buildings. It should also dive into matters of overall community and urban development by working with city planners, local ecology, and residents. This way architecture is beautiful not only because it stands defiantly apart from the world, but because it integrates itself with the world.
<br><br> To me, sustainable architecture is a way of building house and commercial buildings to save the environment for future generations. I don’t think this is a new concept, but it has been developing over the years and now it has such complicated ideas as producing own electricity and recycling waste. This is because of the new technological advances that human has been developing over the years. I believe by using sustainable architecture concept, we are saving the environment from depletion by building adaptable structures using the materials that can be recycled many times over the course of its useful life. For example, if specific issues prevent the use pf the building for a new function, the materials used in its construction can be easily recycled.
<br><br> The problems with climate change, global warming, and population growth are getting worse and worse. So, we need to think about how we can save our natural resources for future. Because we live in the era of new technology, our knowledge should be used to build structures that can responsibly and independently sustain themselves in the future. I do believe we really need to change the way we build structures because it will affect the way people live in a good way. Technology is a tool that we should use to make our lives and lives of future generations  better. Sustainable design is not only for saving natural resources, but it is also a blend of architecture and engineering that can be applied on any architectural variety like fire safety and seismic proofing. This will help to increase the comfort of buildings occupants which is also important.
<br> <br>  Another article “On Green Technology” talks about a “green” movement, “green” is to remember that we are not separate from the Earth. By utilizing “green” concepts, ideas, and materials, we can create solutions for environmental problems on a scale like never before.
She says that what we need to improve our lives are creativity to create these “green” concepts and technology as a tool. 
<br> <br>   Also known as sustainable design, green architecture is a method of design that minimizes the impact of building on the environment. It is interesting to see how technology advances and how new construction techniques have led to the development of innovative materials and “green” design concepts. 

