# Reading SIx Response

The reading begins with an example of what Artificial Superintelligence(ASI) could be like and states that it is better than Artificial General Intelligence(AGI) which can practically do what humans can do. But both AGI and ASI have not been invented yet, at least the type of AI mentioned in the reading. Artificial intelligence as a whole is are the true aliens of our world, not similar to all the humanoid-like beings often depicted in movies, books, and pop culture. Yet, when we think of artificial intelligence that are capable of being as intelligent, or more, as humans it is often considered as malicious as something of a threat to humanity in itself. But to consider what AI technology is capable of provides possible glimpses of the future or at the very least hints to what direction we are headed.Khan mentions a philosopher who depicts, in his book, what the world would be like if the perfect artificial superintelligence was built. And just like what you would imagine from mainstream media and pop culture, the book talks about how ASI can be very innovative and effective or at other times very catastrophic and chaotic. To put it simply though, no one knows for certain how ASI will specifically affect the world, thus, only guesses and speculation came to be and became a source of inspiration for many science fictions. Throughout the reading, Khan compares ASI to forces of nature that are absolutely uncontrollable by mankind such as stars and hurricanes. It even explains how the architure of the artificial superintelligence, or it's digital makeup, can be ever changing and can chose to change itself, which actually does sound like something from a novel or film. But it is a matter fact out of our hands, the hands that created the ASI. one example that stuck with me was the drought scenario where the ASI, that rules over us, decides to ration water for the non-human living beings, because that would prove to be most beneficial to the environment and is considered to be easier. That decision, however, had nothing to do with us aside from assessing our presence as being part of the situation. The reading basically describes what a ASI is; it is an alien being whose intelligence can help sustain itself through various scenarios, potentially possessing hive minds, and can be either or both beneficial or non-beneficial to humanity. It is flexible, yet at the same time structured and formatted as it was designed. The author than describes how "having better poetic language isn’t likely going to save us" from the power incarnate that is ASI, but creating a language that helps us understand it is like carrying a flashlight in the dark, a tool that will help us navigate through the unknown. The language used in the read is already poetic in itself, but in my opinion I would also like to see some real examples of artificial intelligence. Some examples would help me gauge the actual potential of ASI rather than stating what it could be like.
