# Antony Bui

## Poetic Artificial Superintelligence

I am all for smarter AI as I have made most of my room full of “smart” plugs or devices such as Alexa,  smart tv , and smart plugs. These devices have made turning on and off my devices a lot easier and somewhat made me lazier.  I find them very helpful and at times stressful. Alexa is one of my favorite smart devices in my room as it does a lot more than turn things on and off and it is somewhat holding everything together. I am able to ask basic questions and receive answers and notifications through it. Sometimes alexa can’t find the answers or search something i request which is frustrating at times. Another problem I would like to see fix or updated is how voices are received or who’s voice is able to activate it. I believe that even though Alexa is advance in what it can do, it is only the start of something more. The article goes in depth on how much more Alexa could be and what could become reality one day. 
It would be incredible to have an AI do more human stuff. Human stuff could be a lot of things either bad or good, like a conscious or common sense. I think it’ll be weird for me to have a social AI or a robot that speaks what’s on its mind. It would change the way I behave in my house and maybe I wouldn’t want one in my house. But it would be also be weird to have to kick it out or get rid of it since it has its own understanding. It brings more trouble then solutions, people might say that robots deserve rights or have their own saying in this matter but I think it’ll be too troublesome. Could we create a robot that comes up with poems or social solutions? I think we are already coming up with robots that can talk and search up solutions for us already. 


### Laws of Robotics 

I remember reading and hearing about what robots should do and shouldn’t be able to do. One of these laws was do harm to their creator/master. This law seems to be very open and could have many meanings but if we were to create an intelligent robot it wouldn’t be programmed to kill or harm whoever programmed it. The next law is that a robot must obey orders from human beings unless it contradicts the first law. In this sense we are create slaves that obey our orders and won’t rebel, is it okay to do this? It is a tough question and most won’t find a concrete answer that wouldn’t offend someone. The next law is interesting as it says that a “robot must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict the first or second law.” So  even though we are ordering the robot around it is still supposed to protect itself or in some cases not be allowed to destroy itself so it doesn’t have to work anymore. 

