In the first paragraph of this article about Artificial Super Intelligence, Nora Khan alludes to ASI having divine qualities attributable to the concept of God. From a philosophical standpoint this jumped out to me in the sense that as an almost metaphorical concept, humans created the idea of God and now as a literal concept humans are creating a machine that matches all the capabilities of God. The reality of this seems almost to farfetched to even be considered an eventuality, however it is something that humanity has been building too for quite sometime and is something that is a lot closer than we think. It is an interesting proposition to think that we are on the brink of creating a super intelligent computer software that can solve anything and knows everything there ever is, was, or is going to be. What would that mean to us as humanity if we create something that surpasses our cognitive function? If this machine can think and act independent of concern for morality or even of the machines original creators, then it could do without humans altogether if deemed the prudent, logical choice. It will be the next cycle of the evolutionary experience on Earth where all of the many thousands of years that gave way to craft our understanding of consciousness culminate into the creating of an all-knowing, and in a sense perfect, being of supreme intelligence. Now we have to decide if that is something that we would really want.

The author of this article proposes an interesting way of looking at the ASI phenomenon, where using poetic language and imagery will allow humans to further their cognitive approach in examining what the future with ASI looks like. It makes sense given that as humans we must compile information and process it in a way that we can understand. The scope of what ASI can do is a concept that human beings can’t truly understand given that ASI will be able to conceive of things that surpass our minds ability of comprehension. We must use language and metaphors to, at least, begin to understand what ASI could mean in our future. It is an idea that necessitates a narrowing lens so that we can shape ideas of how to react to these future inevitabilities and the consequences that result in the ever expanding quest for progress. Also using this language in the way that we do is kind of like a measuring stick for how far ASI will have come along. Poetry is something that machines haven’t truly been able to execute or mimic in a way that sparks a sense of consciousness. Machines lack the capabilities to express emotional creativity or any other sort of creation that is expressed from art. They can make copies and even abstractions but they can’t attribute identifiable meaning to the art that they are “creating” and for the most part when they do create art, it’s an extension of the creator of the machine.
