# Reading 6

The reading by Nora Khan talked about how visualize artificial super intelligence, an entity that we developed but we have a difficult time grasping exactly how this entity looks like. One part of the reading that caught my interest was the part about how humans visualize aliens. It was interesting because when we think about things that aren’t human, we try to relate it to human characteristics and forms. As Khan described, aliens have exaggerated humanoid characteristics, so in some way, while they are unfamiliar beings, they are physically familiar in aesthetics. One example that I thought of that relates to these ideas is Cortana. She is the AI associated with Windows software, but was introduced in the Halo series as Master Chief’s guide. While I’m not entirely familiar with the game, the game’s developers visualized Cortana beyond technological form as a blue-skinned humanoid. Towards the end of the game, (spoiler alert?) Cortana dies and leaves Master Chief, leaving the player defenseless and lost. In this example, the game developers represented Master Chief’s artificial intelligence assistant as a humanoid figure. Before, she was only assisting him through voice just as Siri assists us on our iPhones. I feel that visualizing a non-human character with human characteristics makes the character more relatable to our senses and emotions and in the Halo series, more empathetic towards Master Chief losing someone important to him just as we lose people during their passing. The player develops feelings for the character since these characteristics even though for so long the player doesn’t see what Cortana looks like; it is only through hearing and imagination that the player can see what she may look like. 

With these ideas, Nora Khan pushes towards visualizing an AI that is beyond human physicalities. I liked the idea that the artificial intelligence can be a shapeshifting entity that doesn’t necessarily need to include a human or physical form for that matter. There are so many forms that the AI can look like that when we think beyond, it could also expand our understanding and knowledge of ourselves. One quote that was interesting to conceptualize was, “Imagining cognition greater than ours could deepen our own cognition.” This reminded me about how all over the internet, I read that humans use roughly 10 percent of their brains. The quote reminded me of this statistic, and one could only imagine what would happen if humans were able to use all of their brains or just even more than 10 percent. If we were capable of the things we’ve developed now, what would society look like if we deepened our cognition in the future. I find it interesting that we’re striving to develop technology and all these systems to make our lives easier and increase our quality of life through implementing technology into all parts of our lives. However, when AI starts to take over our livelihoods, such as eliminating cashiers at different stores then it can cause problems as implementing technology in the wrong places can garner negative reactions even though it is for the sake of convenience. 
