# Reading 6 Response

The concept of Artificial Super Intelligence is very cool and very scary, and has within it, the possibility for a scary, dystopian future. The author, Nora N. Khan makes the assertion that Artificial Super Intelligences are somewhat like a holy, or divine being. They are something infinitely smarter, faster, and more capable than any human intelligence. However, these are not made in the image of God, but in the image of the brain of man. In the essay, the author states something very interesting. She quotes Jackie Wang’s essay ‘We Epistolary Aliens’ by stating that “we strain to imagine foreignness, but we don’t get very far from what we know,” and this means what it says. It is hard for us to imagine something foreign because we can only really imagine based on what we already know. Applying this to our concept of ASIs, we would not understand what an ASI is doing, so we may misunderstand it as a slow, sluggish, mass. What we need, she asserts, is an imaginative paradigm shift.

Something interesting about AI is that we cannot think about it in terms of how humans think and have empathy. The author argues that it is to be thought of as a force of nature that is playing a game of chess, which is possibly the coolest visualization possible. But it is also terrifying. These ASIs are also architects, the author argues, because they build structures of thought, and these structures are radically different from any other form of thought found in biological animals and systems.

Another way of thinking of what ASIs are capable of is to think of it as having its own sovereignty. Its choices are its own and are not at all related to us. It would focus on maintaining its realm, whether that means helping humans or hurting us. It would be new life with its own motives. It combs through all available data and makes the best decision. All of this is leading towards defining what we think an ASI would do. It would have a singular goal and work towards creating a perfect result.

Once Khan finishes up outlining what it is that ASIs might be capable of, she lets us know that we are all implicated in its future. We all will be effected by how they are produced and what they will do. She goes on to suggest we need a new language to communicate with them, and we must begin to make a habit of thinking outside ourselves.

This is an intensely interesting suggestion for the future. I found most interesting her ideas on exactly how alien ASIs will be to us. It is a reading right out of science fiction, but that’s the world we live in. This is the ‘about to be sci-fi’ reality. This really is the generation of ‘why not?’ and with that, we must consider if we should, and how to progress. Otherwise, as the author warns us, it will be Jurassic Park all over again.
