In reading Towards a Poetics of Artificial Superintelligence there are many ways I learned how ASI can affect our world. First, I would say that the article is right about how we can’t associate ASI into anthropomorphism. Associating ASI into anthropomorphism is a wrong way to go about seeing ASI because ASI is much bigger than anything human. I think ASI is kind of like what the article says about the hurricane where its purpose is to complete a single goal in full force. ASI is a force that could potentially do great things or bad things to human evolution because of how it works. For example, if I were to design an ASI car and I wanted to get to my destination the fastest way possible it would probably do just that; take me there the fastest way. The risk in taking me there the fastest way is that the car might speed up so fast that it would break speed limits to get me there and end up having the police pull the car over, but it still nonetheless would try to do its job if certain rules weren’t involved in the human world. 

Even though ASI could potentially do bad things for humans like the article said I think we will greatly benefit more in ASI than bad.  “The very exercise of conceiving what our minds could look like stretched to their furthest capacities is an important push of our current cognitive abilities. Imagining cognition greater than ours could deepen our own cognition”. With ASI our minds could potentially reach its maximum potential. We can synchronize our minds with how ASI would be able to think of what a normal human couldn’t and allow ASI to help us in a way that could potentially do better things for the human world. This way we could reach the potential of what a human is capable of bettering the world and its environment.

Lastly, ASI can make our world into a more functioning society with it than without it. ASI could take the jobs that humans don’t want to do in their community and instead create jobs for humans that they could assist in a better way. For example, if ASI can assist a human into medical procedures without any mistakes from the person then there would be more successful doctors and humans could potentially have better chances of becoming doctors and save many lives. Instead of doing the blue-collar work that some people don’t even want to do ASI can potentially help humans reach the capability that they want and earn the jobs they really want to do in society. 
