# Reading 6: Towards a Poetics of Artificial Intelligence 

Nora N. Khan depicts the rising capabilities and potential threats artificial superintelligence (ASI) and artificial general intelligence (AGI) may have on society in the near future. In media, artificial superintelligence is seen as a being that has extraordinary intellectual capacity and abilities that succeed human competence. This depiction of ASI and AGI is a reflection of what we expect to emerge as technology progressively advances. I thought it was interesting when Khan references Jackie Wang’s essay, “We Epistolary Aliens.” Wang expresses how humans have a fascination for new forms and asserts the extent of their imagination. She notes how aliens are interpreted to appear more human-like. I thought, why is that so? I began to think about how our society sees themselves as the superior race. Extraterrestrial creatures, however, are forms we have never encountered and thus can only be built from what have been presented and know. 

Khan mentions that Wang is advocating towards the need for an imaginative paradigm shift which describes the practice of changing our approach towards new modes of  “thinking and feeling, speaking and being.” By making room for the what is to come, we can be mentally and physically prepared. 

In the article, “Humanity’s Deep Future,” Ross Andersen warns others to stop anthropomorphising AI. Because of how media personifies ASI and AGI, many others are fearful of a possible dystopian society in emergence to these non-existent technologies. Andersen mentions that AI cannot be comparable to human beings. He states “human cognition is only one species of intelligence” while the other are composed of “incidental software applications.” Nick Bostrom adds that AI should be seen as “primordial force of nature.” He explains that an AI executes its actions based on what has been inputted into a system. However, if its actions are dominating a larger region, specific instructions are required. 

Throughout the reading, Khan makes poetic metaphors of Artificial Superintelligence to help readers understand its qualities. Metaphors that she mentions is ASI being a hurricane, a star system, an architect, a sovereign, a star system, a frontline, a search party, an agent, a swarm, and a scaffolding. The metaphor the stuck with me the most is it being a hurricane. The possibilities of ASI being able to dismantle the humankind is a horrifying outcome to think about. The goal of an ASI, like a hurricane, is to achieve a certain goal, “to find a thermal balance and stabilize.” In addition, I think scaffolding helps me understand the fluidity that these forces can develop as they take in more data and information from the world they are inhabiting. In contemplating about the emergence of AGI and ASI, constant reminders of what is to come will exercise our imaginations to help cope with the unexpected. By creating metaphors, we are able to grasp onto an idea and a form that has yet to come into existence. New languages are developed to learn unfamiliar concepts and we must be constantly prepared to update our knowledge banks. I felt that Khan wanted the readers to lean towards a poetic way of thinking and reacting, to expand our capacity of intellect.
