## Towards a Poetics of Artificial Superintelligence
Risk of AI “The most chilling metaphor of his book: when it comes to ASI, humanity is like a child, in a room with no adults, cradling an undetonated bomb. Elsewhere, he describes our intelligence, in relation to ASI, as analogous to what the intelligence of an ant feels like to us.”

The article is about Artificial Superintelligence. For a long time, Artificial Intelligence has been one of the most modern technology. It is based on human cognitive which help human life to be easier. AGI is an improved form of AI which is based on human intellectual ability. AGI is able to learn and perform what human can do. ASI on the other hand is a more “intelligent” version of AGI when it exceeds the best performance and intellectual of human being in every aspect. Although both types of AI are not archived yet, the question is how human is going to control if the intelligence is beyond our ability. 

The article then discussed about how human imagine alien with mostly human form rather any other species. Moreover, it talks about how alien and AI are similar in general since they are not yet proved to be existed. People are scared of the destructive of AI to human. This statement reminds me of robot Sophie, a self thinking robot that was granted Russian citizenship a while ago. She said she wanted to have a baby and that freaks people out. There are controversy about Russia act that some people believe this could be a beginning for robot to take over mankind. 

Comparing human’s intelligence with ASI is like ant’s to human’s. In a situation, human can make mistake, but ASI will calculate all the possibilities to find out which solution is the best. “Bostrom writes. In other words, the future of our species could depend on our ability to predict, model and speculate well.”

From Bostrom’s specular, Superintelligence can be divided into nine metaphors: a hurricane, an architect, a sovereign, a star system, a frontline, a search party, an agent, a swarm, and a scaffolding. Most metaphors seem to benefit human being while some are not quite sure. For example, the metaphor about hurricane is the one that doesn’t sound good. Just by the name, what hurricane did to our world is indisputable. Every year, how many people have died from hurricane, how many people have been homeless, have lost their family members, have been suffered from hurricane. Hurricane doesn’t have sympathy, similar to AI. The result an AI has made won’t be changed by human’s emotion. Whatever it does, we can only “be prepared for, charted, tracked.”

In the future, I think AI will be use often especially in computation. Some basic form of AI we can see nowadays are Siri, Google Home, some companies like Dell even use AI for their phone customer service. As I had a conversation with my friend couple days ago, his final project is making an AI for video game. Even some engineer undergraduate students can make AI, why doesn’t it be popular soon. Anything can happen in the future. 
