	
  Artificial intelligence is defined in this article where it is a machine with power that has unlimited powers and memory. In a sense, it is similar to humans because of their ability to learn and process information. But how it is implied in this reading is that it is possible for it to be in any form where it can be with us in the near future.  With the new technology, we won’t be able to understand how it functions or how it will react. However, he stated that morals won’t be applied to the concepts because we want to see the interactions with the world. What I found interesting was the question Kevin Warwick asked  ‘How can you reason, how can you bargain, how can you understand how [a] machine is thinking when it’s thinking in dimensions you can’t conceive of?’. It could also relate to why we make horror films where robots with AI take over the world because we don’t understand how these technologies think. So if it keeps learning it might out power us one day. 

  To answer the question he then compared it to aliens where the ideas of aliens are constructed to be part of the human imagination to help form something new. Something that got me thinking was when she said why we make aliens similar to human features when they could be in any form. She then goes in explaining how we only changed some features of a human to create an idea of what aliens look like but to me think I think we make aliens look like us is because it is scarier knowing there is another living creature similar to us and has similar thinking processes like us where it scares us the most. If aliens looked something super foreign we wouldn’t be as scared, we would be fascinated instead. But aside from my thoughts, I think she only decided it this way to show that human brains have a limit to forming new ideas while an AI could generate something new where we won't understand. 

  ASI strives to become a natural envoriment where it is more of a mood and atmosphere rather than being a matter. This then shows a correlation where it can form how we talk and see things later in the future. With AI it can help us learn a language made for it. It is also able to raise our abilities but I disagree with this because I feel that the more we learn about AI, we will depend on it. WIth the machine doing all the thinking and developing for us, we will forget all the basics and learn how to communicate with the AI instead. We will eventually lose all senses of thinking where we all become lazy. “Speaking about superintelligence in non-anthropomorphic terms seems like a crucial, precious practice to start right away. The ability to anticipate and think outside ourselves will only help us in future encounters. We will have to rely on our speculative strengths. We must reorient outwards”. 
