### Reading Six - *Towards a Poetics of Artificial Intelligence* by Nora N. Khan

Nora N. Khan’s essay entitled *Towards a Poetics of Artificial Superintelligence*, was an interesting and thought-provoking read that explores the potentiality behind the developing emergence of artificial general intelligence (AGI) and artificial superintelligence (ASI). Though these two forms of artificial intelligence have not been achieved yet, they hold a strong impact on how we perceive the world in such a technologically advanced society. Compared to the human mind, AGI and ASI are much more intelligent and efficient; they can do anything a human can do, including the ability to “learn, reason, and improve” — they can improve services to help people, make systems more efficient, create simpler and smarter user interfaces, create algorithms, speech recognition, facial recognition, language translation, and many more. 

In addition, Khan includes a quote from poet Jackie Wang’s essay, ‘We Epistolary Aliens,’ which talks about how we perceive aliens as terrestrial beings similar to a human, “We strain to imagine foreignness but we don’t get very far from what we know.” This statement is very interesting because it truly shows how egocentric we can be as a society,“For most people, thinking of a world in which we are not the central intelligence is not only incredibly difficult but also aesthetically repulsive.” Many times, we tend to anthropomorphize other creatures, animals, things, etc. But why do we like to attribute human characteristics onto other animals and things? To me, it seems that we like to humanize animals and inanimate objects to create many different connections and social engagements as well as have a social presence and/or social participation. Also, by creating such connections, it helps us to “understand” their behavior easier, however, this biased outlook is only based on how we perceive things as human beings and can cloud reality. Furthermore, I find it ironic how we try to encourage creative thinking, inspiration, and imagination, yet we tend to hold onto ideas that are familiar and things that we know to be true or correct. Most of us become afraid to venture out into the unknown or think differently in fear of being treated differently. 

Moreover, Khan includes philosopher Nick Bostrom’s point of view on ASI: “when it comes to ASI, humanity is like a child, in a room with no adults, cradling an undetonated bomb. Elsewhere, he describes our intelligence, in relation to ASI, as analogous to what the intelligence of an ant feels like to us.” This just goes to show how much more intelligent ASI is in comparison to human intelligence. However, despite all the benefits that could be provided by AGI and ASI, I am still weary about certain outcomes that could/will result from heavy reliance on artificial intelligence. For example, the wide use of artificial intelligence to perform factory jobs, self-checkout machines, self-driving cars, online shopping, etc. can leave a lot of people jobless. Yes, machinery can make these jobs more efficient and accurate, however, I believe that this is not necessarily a great thing to make human labor unnecessary. What will people do if their jobs are taken away? 
