Towards a Poetics of Artificial Superintelligence

Throughout the reading Khan makes it very clear that humans perception of right and wrong, social norms, and much more would 
not apply to ASI because it would think in dimensions that we are unable to even comprehend. Because of this, when approaching
the idea of artificial  intelligence, we need to think of it as how Khan puts it, an “alien lifeform”. I think this is a great
way to describe artificial intelligence. So often, AI is portrayed as humanistic. In books, movies, etc artificial intelligence
takes the form of a human-like robot. Even the thoughts and behaviors of this super intelligent, for lack of better words,  
machine (even though an ASI would be so much more than just a machine) are modeled after our own. In many movies and books, AI
begin to develop “human” feelings and emotions. For example, in the movie Her an ASI falls in love with a human. In the movie 
Ex Machina a robot named Ava has a vessel that exactly replicates one of  human and perfectly mimics the way humans think and 
act. I believe this is vain and closed minded, and because of it it limits our own intelligence and preparation when 
approaching the unknown. In the reading, Nick Bastrom is quoted with, “he describes our intelligence, in relation to ASI, as 
analogous to what the intelligence of an ant feels like to us.” I think this is a very clear indicator that when the reality 
of ASI comes into being, it will be nothing like us, nothing  we have seen before,  and nothing we can even imagine at the
moment.

The thing is, many people do not realize that AI is already all around us. Our smartphones, laptops, the computers in our car. 
AI is always listening and always gathering new information. Nora N. Khan brings up the idea of a hive mind and later on a 
swarm, this really caught my attention. The reason I was so caught off guard by this hive mind super intelligent “thing” is 
because I can see it already starting. All of our technological devices are becoming more connected and more interdependent. 
Through the cloud and the internet, our smartphones sync up with our laptops which shares information with our desktops. Now,
we have robots sitting in our houses listening to our every word. Amazon’s alexa and Google’s home are linked  to the user’s 
phone or another type of computer in order to draw existing information from these devices and later share the information it 
gathers. Because we have already come so far in this artificial intelligent hive interconnecting system, I see the reality of 
an ASI hive mind to be not a far stretch. 

Khan makes a good point when stating that: “For most people, thinking of a world in which we are not the central intelligence 
is not only incredibly difficult but also aesthetically repulsive.” I completely agree that it will be difficult to no longer 
be the central intelligence. However, based off of my own observations on how humans and technology interact, I believe it 
will come as less of a shock as some may speculate. The technological revolution we have been living through is already 
incredibly fast paced. At first many found it to be confusing and scary but overall we adapted to the change very  quickly as 
a whole. As I previously stated, technology, even AI, is all around us. I have even seen the elderly accept technology, that 
is much more than they can comprehend, as a useful staple in our lives. I understand that the intellectual jump between an
elderly person suffering from a mild loss of cognitive skills and an ipad is immeasurably  small compared to that of us and
ASI, however I would like to think of this example as a sign that ASI does not signal the apocalypse but instead of a future 
full beneficial opportunities. This all goes back to how we approach the future of AI though.
