In Poetics of Artifical Super Intelligence by Nora Khan, Khan defines artificial intelligence as a machine with unlimited memory power. In this reading, I was challenged because it almost scared me the possibilities with artificial intelligence and how it could possibly be with humans in the future. This is interesting because the way of processing information and learning is a lot similar to what humans do. The part that I had questions about was how Khan stated morals would not be applied, I think it is possible to interact with these machines, but without morals, I think it would not be easy to implement into society because of the morals. It is part of what makes us human and is so embedded in our society, I can see it being hard for human to grasp. After all, our society has not always been the best at welcoming differences or the unknown. I find it interesting the perspective of the author to see how AI’s could generate new perspectives that the human bairn could not understand, but at the same time, it scares me. I can see the benefits and how it could possibly be good for society, but I can also see how it could be bad if not gradually introduced. In the reading, it talks about how we AIs could generate something new, but what if it is something we do not understand. How can we control something we do not understand, this made me think of films where technology or robots get too smart for our society and we cannot control something we do not understand. I am sure it can help improve our society in many ways, so I just hope there can be a medium. In all honestly I am not yet ready to see this on a day to day interaction with humans, but I am open to see the possibilities.
