<h3> Towards a Poetics of Artificial Superintelligence by Nora N. Khan </h3>
<br>
<p> In <i> Towards a Poetics of Artificial Superintelligence, </i> Nora N. Khan discusses Artifical general and superintelligence which are 
known as AGI and ASI. Khan tells us how we have not yet created these kinds of artificial intelligences but that they are a possibility in 
the future. This ASI will be much more intelligent than we are and can do things we cannot even imagine. When I read this my first thoughts
were how would we create something that is capable of learning faster than we can. How do we even believe its possible to build something
so powerful that we can never keep up with it. I found it interesting how she compared artificial intelligence to our own depictions of 
aliens, since imagined aliens are generally very similar to humans. I do not know if artificial intelligences should be considered alien
because they are made by humans and while they may have the capability of learning, I think they should still be thought of as simply
computers. Khan tied together how we all carry around artificial intelligences in our hands and we use them every single day without even
thinking about it. But when we think about artificial intelligences, we think of movies and how they are always at the center of a dystopia
or doomsday kind of movie and are not seen as good things by the end of the movie. As humans, we think that if we create something so 
powerful then it is going to take over our lives and control us rather than help us. I think this is really interesting because humans 
would not be able to control it and it would be able to do whatever it wants to do and the choice that humans always assume is take over the
world and all of humanity. It starts off like the artificial intelligence is helping us and then it slowly starts to turn against us until 
it has total control. If this ASI has the ability to dictate what we see through things like the internet then it already has a grip on us. 
I enjoyed the hurricane metaphor for artificial intelligence because hurricanes are so destructive and that level of destruction is what we
imagine ASI to be like. I think the ways that the author imagines actual ASI to be like is exciting and terrifying at the same time because 
Khan thinks ASI would be indifferent towards humans so this could mean they have no interest in us or that they do not see us at the same
level as they are and would respond to humans with this indifference. Overall I found the author's ideas and metaphors to be helpful in 
trying to understand the concept of artificial intelligence and how it will change in the future. I enjoyed reading about all the ways that 
artificial intelligence affects us now and will likely change the way we are in the future. 
