I thought Nora N. Khan’s essay about ASI was extremely interesting because it made me try to think of the timeline of Earth and the rest of the universe without humans. I understand that humans might live under the impression that they are the center of everything, but it is strangely humbling to know that we are not. Whether we like it or not the human species exists on a larger timeline and I understand how it might be a positive thing to have a being of intelligence tuned in or focusing on this larger timeline, but part of me is also skeptical about how this being of artificial super intelligence would view us as humans. 
She was talking about how, when humans try to think about how this machine would think, we have an inherently incorrect view because we have only ever seen things from a human’s point of view. Movies tend to portray super intelligent beings like this as ruthless machines that want to rid Earth of the plague of humanity. I was thinking that it could still be a possibility, and it is hard for me to imagine how it couldn’t be. Our species has come a long way, and I do think that in relation to all of the other animal species ours is the most greedy for resources and space. What I really wonder about is what it’s goals would be. If a machine had infinite knowledge of the past, future, and present, what would it use that information for? Would it have its own idea of a timeline for the universe and try to keep things from deviating from that preconceived timeline? Or would it just know about all of the possible futures that have potential for existing and then have no influence on which one ends up being the outcome?
It would be interesting and I think a positive thing for society to have an all-knowing being that we could go to for advice. Then why would we need leaders of nations? These leaders would definitely just go to this all-knowing machine for advice on what to do and what outcomes their actions would lead to. They would really just me mediators between society and this great master of time. It would be the best if this machine had all the knowledge but no way to act on its own impulses. We as a society would have to be tentative when exploring new technology after the creation of such a machine. 
What I am most interested in for the topic of our SWITCH article, is the human influence present in machines. If a machine like this did exist, would it have been made by humans? If so, there must be some sort of bias that exists in the machine from its human creators. That is the factor that could lead to catastrophe, I think. If this all-knowing machine existed with the flaws and emotion of a human being, then it wouldn’t be able to act with total moral immunity, like humans. And how would this machine see itself? Could the knowledge of its human creation cause it to think of itself as another human, with human-like emotions and irrationality? Machines create by humans always have a touch of human in them, because we only know how we see the world. Even in ASI, we program machines to learn and adapt like how humans adapt. How could we create and program an all-knowing being if we as humans are not all-knowing?
