## Reading 4
Yvette Granata’s article, Processing/Lampreys — Photo-Fiction as Digital Parasite Aesthetics was one that I thought was interesting, in terms of learning about what a Lamprey was and how Granata digs a little deeper into the idea of seeing things in a different perspective through photography and art in general. Granata explains how cameras or technology today has advanced so much that they are able to simply capture snapshots or images of what the human eye cannot possibly see. Granata states it as “the camera reveal[ing] the unseen” (Granata), implicitly showing how advanced technology has become today. 

Granata continues to describe how users today use Google as a search engine to search up things they don’t know and how there is some sort of mindset set on the object, or in this case, the lamprey. The lamprey on Google is seen and interpreted as a vicious animal that “is classed by the human as a negative, rather than an essential characteristic for survival” (Granata), depicting how the audience judges according to the appearance of things they don’t know about. Today, users often search up things they don’t know about and immediately click the “images” button to get a visual interpretation of what they are looking up. There are not many people who would actually read an article about what they are looking up before looking at images. 

The article continues on to explain how Granata used Lamprey photographs and created them into art through Processing. By using Processing and using these scary and unappealing images of Lampreys, Granata produces digital pieces using “3-D extractions, surface textures, abstract stretchings and motions of the lamprey image, [that] turn[s] the photograph of the lamprey into a digital array.” (Granata) By doing so, Granata takes away the “negative” or “spooky” connotations of what Google depicts a Lamprey as. Granata uses an example of how a lamprey survives compared to what a user does to tell their computer what to do by using code. It is stated that a lamprey is not able to suck a twig or cardboard and needs to be fed flesh,  to the idea of having data being “taken from a specific image-object, and broken down into more specific data, such as the color data or the position of the pixels” (Granata) shows how everything has a interior process to it. 

Granata refines these negative lamprey images and produces beautiful pieces that is considered a parasite aesthetic. In one of her animation stills, Processing/Lampreys (2016), Granata used Processing and After Effects to create such an interesting piece of work that doesn’t look anything like what Google defines a lamprey as. This then abandons our thoughts on how the lamprey actually looks like compared to this photo-fictional piece Granata produced, which is described as parasite aesthetics. One thing that caught my eye was when Granata explained how the parasite aesthetics “move away from aesthetic experience ‘of an object’ and moves [more] towards reframing aesthetics as an entangled process” (Granata).
