Processing Lampreys by Yvette Granata takes theory and merges it with practice by taking the idea that photographic images of lampreys present them in a way that negatively associates them. She posits that the idea of being parasitic has negative connotation associated with it and that the lamprey itself is presented in a way that reinforces this idea. She states that being parasitic is not a matter of being a negative thing but is a mode of evolution and survival. She seeks to further this point by setting up a program in the processing software that takes online images of lampreys and animates them, as well as distorting the image to create a different aesthetic association. The process she uses requires that the program invasively compiles data of the images that it searches for and changes that data once it is processed, a process not unlike that of the lamprey absorbing nutrients from another living animal. This process in itself runs parallel to the biological process of parasitism, in a way serving to examine a different perspective on the process.

Process in art contributes a lot to the message that it is trying to communicate. Every piece of art made has a story and the combination of tasks and parts that go into a piece of work show something about what the work means on a broader scale. I think theory can work in tandem with practice for our purposes as to show how social media platforms have affected the output of art and image. The way people present themselves on social media and on the internet is a form of art and communication that requires a process regardless of how little work was put in or how much work was put in for a minor result. The idea of image on social media platforms, no matter how seemingly genuine or candid, is all a fabrication of the individual who portrays the image. There are philosophical ramifications for the importance placed upon things that don’t seem to have any real reason behind them. Why is it important that we know that vans land sole side down every time? Why are we compelled to spend our time swallowing a spoon full of cinnamon on camera? All of these trends don’t make sense outside of the internet, however they are present outside of the virtual space and are reinforced by a society that monitors these trends constantly and emulates the behavior presented in virtual space. What needs to be examined about this is why there is cause for society to initiate these kinds of behavior and what kinds of behaviors are designed to provoke society at large. The ideas presented have to relay some sort of pattern or follow some sort of rule and in the process of figuring out how that works tests must be run. Ideas of image and trends can be examined by creating a process to understand them and be apart of them. There is always thought that goes into this seemingly meaningless behavior and how it is presented.
