# Reading 5 

The beginning of the reading was similar to the beginning of John Berger’s Ways of Seeing. Both the reading and the documentary defined the role of emerging technology in society. Because of the introduction of the camera, we get a sense of different perspectives and views that we have never seen before. In addition, both the reading and the videos allude to the idea that the photographer photographs or uses certain techniques to emphasize certain parts of the subject. 

These ideas can also be used to describe Google image searches as the reading explains. To see what something we don’t know looks like, we use Google image search to be informed. As the reading highlights, relying solely on the presented images from Google can produce different perceptions of the subject. In the reading, the author uses lampreys as the primary example - because we don’t know what lampreys look like, Google shows us the most popular images of lampreys; these images of the viciousness of lampreys feeds to our perception that they are dangerous, as a result, we miss other perceptions of lampreys. The author points out that even though lampreys are dangerous, they are necessary for the balance and survival of marine life. 

This concept of the viewer being conditioned to Google images to be informed about the representation of subjects relates to Google searching or searching for information on the Internet in general. When we search for information on Google, we heavily rely on the first few links that Google presents us. I think this is because the convenience of information being readily handed to us so that we aren’t spending a lot of time going through multiple pages. However, because we live in a society of convenience and having information or things ready at hand, we could be internalizing different viewpoints because that’s what Google wants us to be informed with; we miss out on other points of interest or information because we favor convenience. 

I think we live in a time where information can be easily misinterpreted or dismissed because of the idea that there is an algorithm that can tailor your views in your Google searches. Through that, a person will never be able to see other sides of subject. For example, the anti-vaxx “movement”. Because social groups were able to override scientific evidence with constant spreading and upvoting of “dangers of vaccinations,” it has led to a debate that I believe should not even be a debate. A mom who is skeptical about vaccinations who searches on Google, and finds moms (not scientists) who are advocating to not vaccinate their children will most likely take their side of the argument because their prevalence on the Internet and to her, it makes logical sense to follow other moms than scientists who say otherwise even though they have scientifically tested vaccinations. 

I thought it was interesting how Yvette Granata used Javascript to simulate the idea of Processing as a parasite. Granata was not looking to fully represent a lamprey, but use the idea of the lamprey as a parasite to then display the lamprey’s image. In this sense, Processing, one part of the digital world, mimics aspects of the natural world through its dependence on sources in order to function. 

