# Reading 5 Response

  Dr. Yvette Granata begins by breaking down the subject matter of the theory that Francois Laruelle works with in a way that is easy for anyone to understand. After all, everyone has used Google to search for something that they don’t know. And, for a lot of us visual learners, it is very handy that Google automatically shows us pictures of what we’ve searched or the Google image results. It really helps people like me to be able to see and imagine what this thing is if this thing is new to us so that we may learn about it faster. It is in bringing up this simple everyday action that Dr. Granata reveals to us Laruelle’s theory on rendering the photographic act real without an external realism. By showing us, the readers, how the common images we look for about things we don’t know, are a comment made by society on a specific thing or idea. Then Dr. Granata boils down Laruelle’s ideas into something even simpler, by outright explaining it as the photo being the result of a process, not the revelation of objects. It is with a photographic finitude with regard to oneself.
  
  Dr. Granata then takes this theory written by somebody else and immediately applies it to her own theories. Neither photography nor Google give us a mimicry of the lamprey. What is a photo-fictional lamprey? Next Doctor Granata shows us her work. She uses this theory of the photo fictional and works within another medium by creating a parasitic code named Lamprey. The code works based only on if the image file is there in the same folder, and what appears on the screen is how the program distorts and works with the image file that it needs to survive just like the fish needs the blood of another to survive. It is parasite aesthetics.
	
  Now Dr. Granata gets down to brass tacks. She begins discussing her work and the comments it makes on this theory. It Is not a negative understanding of the lamprey, rather it redefines what parasitic is. This piece moves away from the aesthetic experience of art. It reframes that aesthetic experience as an entangled process, as a parasitic process. This is to photographize. The human is no longer in the subject and the lamprey is no longer threatening parasite object. It is less anthropocentric.
	
  This process involves creating art based on a concept to understand a concept and reframe it as well as explore it. It is very complete, Granata has explored a lot of what is to explore on this concept.
	
  My group’s SWITCH article is about the growing popularity of esports. If I was to adapt Granata’s techniques, I would do some research on the history of human competition, the need for competition, and how Sports fill that role. I would then move onto how esports are different from regular sports, and what has possibly cause their massive increase in popularity recently. I would then discuss how esports fill that need for human competition and I could see finding a very meta theory.  This theory would then be used to create art based on esports, or perhaps another esport to expand on this theory. This idea is certainly an interesting incomplete way to approach the article writing. And I think it’s definitely worth considering.
