In this article it talks about the lamprey as a parasitic fish. When we use Google it shows the picture of the animal and its fangs. This system does not represent a good detail about the fish according to the article because it will show images of what the fish’s body. In the google search of the image it will show that it has fangs and that it could suck people’s blood. This is not a good representation of the fish because that is not what the lamprey is all about but instead it is an essential characteristic of their survival to suck blood from its prey. 

In the theory of photo-fiction the representation of the lamprey would be in a much better way to represent the fish because it could show an image with the fish attached with a visual representation around its world and then it will use its parasitic elements to turn it into something else. Unlike just a Google image of the picture where it is detached from its natural scene we could use photo-fiction as a more realistic image where it uses the data of the lamprey to craft an undetermined world through its parasitic nature. This gets rid of the idea that the parasitic fish is not a deadly and scary creature that will prey on humans but instead an unusual creature that lives to suck its prey’s blood. 

Dr. Granata approached this article in terms of abstraction because she made a fish that is meant to suck its prey’s blood into a fish that could be anything else through photo-fiction. Her idea is a theory because I think it can’t exactly be done unless she really did make the program usable by the people. She is just describing the ways a program could be used. Lastly, I think she successfully built a software that is parasitic to the computer because it feeds off of the computer image and alters it on its own through the software. 

This process could be used for our SWITCH article. It could be used because we are looking through the future of medical technology. Since we are looking through the future of medical technology we could determine the lack of a certain technology right now and try to theorize a way that future technology could improve. One of the ways I could demonstrate my idea through theory and practice is to determine a problem with a certain technology I am working on right now and theorize a solution that I could put it into practice. For example since AR technology isn’t as functional in our everyday world right now I could theorize a solution of how AR technology could function like it’s a part of our nature and apply a theorize practice to it to test it. 
