### Processing/Lampreys — Photo-Fiction as Digital Parasite Aesthetics

  This is similar to what I mentioned in the previous reading regarding being an unfortunate factor of the capitalist world. This time, however, it is regarding our ideas of a certain topic/object versus the actual said topic/object itself; How our perception of things can vary between different people that may or may not be related to the actual thing we are preceeding. Dr. Yvette Granata's artwork on the Lampreys is very supported of that. All you can see are pictures of jawless, parasitic fishes with rows of teeth that look like something out of a horror film; Each picture presented in a fashion that strikes fear or panic when seeing it. However, the most important part to take from this is that this is, apparently, just a screenshot from the Google search engine. Granata had created a setting using Google where our perception and bias toward something have been influence by how they are visually presented. The Lampreys, for example, are all presented with teeth in full view so that it creates fear towards these fishes.         

  Many online social platforms, Google especially, is very powerful not just in their functionality but in their ability to manipulate the public's opinion. They can limit or censor information they give out to best suits them, most likely at someone else's expense. Going back to the unfortunate factor of a capitalist world it should be remembered that Google and all other platforms are companies. Each business had manipulate the general public in a way that would, again, best suit their interest and offer them the most profit.
  
  They say a picture is worth a thousand words, but as we can see here is that those words can be extremely limited. It kind of makes sense in some cases since a photograph only capture that single moment of time within a certain viewpoint. However, that also tells a small part of the situaltion and, once more, can be manipulated that create a conclusion that isn't exactly true. I mean its still a major problem in the News and journalism. These online platforms are quickly rising to be necessities in our daily lives and quite easily they can influence how we preceive ourselves and the world around us. More or less great in terms of creating a "great" you but not so much regarding the truth of the matter.

