# Processing Lampreys by Yvette Granata
The idea of photo-fiction struck me when reading this article. Granata brings up how google’s search results of the lamprey give users a visualization of what it is but also establishes connotations of it. For example, seeing multiple photographs of a lamprey’s ‘toothed, funnel-like sucking mouth’ may entail to the user that the parasite is a threat rather than a characteristic mean for survival. Therefore, users come to create these narratives based on the images or photographs seen as a result of a Google search. It made me reflect on how the context of images and photos can change in regard to its placement on the screen, but also within the imagery itself.
Granata references Walter Benjamin’s concept of optical unconscious: the camera’s abilities to capture the reality and the unseen. The “unseen” that is discussed is the camera being able to capture a moment in time, an event or object that can be stored from daily life and experiences. She mentions how the human eye would not be able to pick up fine details and textures of various objects. It is relevant to note how advancement in technology enables us to perceive the “unknown” and how it affects how we interact with certain things. 
The process is an important component of her work. She describes Processing as a parasite. The code used to create the program needs a host or be able to retrieve data from a specific location. Thus, it latches onto that file, reads it, and distorts it. Processing/Lampreys (2016) is a 
series of sketches that collect pixel information from google images of lamprey to create a photo-fictional representation the parasite. The central idea of her work revolves around the concept that technology intertwines within each other processes, “a parasitic aesthetic.” This visual perception of lampreys to coding helped me understand that code relies on various sources in order to create the final product. In this manner, Granata relies on the google images of lamprey to become the source of her piece. The program code feeds off of the images’ pixel information in order to alter the subject, the lamprey. 
I believe that the ideas that she is presenting is both theory and practice. She draws similarities of the Processing program to the lamprey in which they require a host to feed its specific needs. She does not emphasize that her end product needs to be an image of a lamprey, but focuses on the functionality of the parasite instead. These practices can be applied to our Switch articles because we can break down the premises and basis of our topics and dissect it. For example, my group wants to write about viral trends, but what factors or algorithms constitutes a viral trend? Is there a deeper meaning to challenges on social media platforms like eating tide-pods or debunking the vans theory that it will always land right side up? By being able to find the primary sources of these challenges, our group may be able to discover how a challenge is able to spark a ton of curiosity. 
