You can really see the development of her process throughout the article. The sectioned parts helped me grasp the text better than I would have had it not been separated. I was taking notes on how the subject and creation were addressed as to bring some of the formatting and approaching to my own switch article. I found it intriguing to start off with something like the full explanation and analysis of the Lamprey because it’s pretty hard to look at which made me have a reaction to the text and making it easier to get hooked. I kept reading to see where she was going with it. The whole article tied together when she showed her work of what she started off talking about. It was nice to see everything was full circle not making it feel like the information was useless or random. 

After hearing the thought and work that went into the creation of her piece, it’s clear that not only is their beauty in the finished result but in the process as well. The aesthetic that she works hard to show is found inside the code, behind what the finished product is. Which by the way is much easier to look at than the google image search of a lamprey. I’m not sure what the photo of the lamprey becomes. Is it just a photo that has been transformed or is it part of the creative process in the code? I got the idea that it is first just an image of the animal because google presents it as such. Then it is described as a photo fictional thing because since the image is not a mimicry it takes the form of a different realism in photograph form. Then when it is taken into something like processing it becomes a method that creates another world. 

I think the language and comparison in the third paragraph under the Processing as a Photo-fictional Parasite section really helped me to visualized philosophically just how the processing process works. She compared the survival methods to the way in which the code tells the computer what to produce. “The program code and the effect scripts are selective of their hosts. Just as a lamprey cannot suck on a twig or a cardboard box for nourishment but requires animal flesh, the program cannot produce effects with any-object-it-selects-whatsoever.” I think these descriptive descriptions are necessary to have in order to explain to the reader how processing works especially if they have no code experience. Its something that I would like to include in my Switch essay.  

In the end she really abstracted the original form of the lamprey that was definitely more pleasing to look at. The theories progressed to process to create something that we see in a negative light into something that isn’t even recognizable in the real world. 
