## Processing Lampreys - Granata:
“Processing Lampreys” by Granata is an interesting articles that firstly reflects human’s bias toward images, then explains her work using Processing, a computer language to break out the stereotype. Lamprey is considered a type of “parasitic, jawless fish that latches its fanged mouth onto other fish in order to suck the blood of its host.” Not knowing what a lamprey is, as a regular person will Google search this word and use Google images to easily picture what it is. The result shows up with an animal toothed, sucking mouth. With this result, we know what a lamprey looks like, but we don’t really understand what is a lamprey, what it does or any more information about it. The images create a stereotype of a lamprey from its appearance. Moving away from the traditional photograph stereotype, François Laruelle was digging into “photo-fiction” which “is about rendering the photographic act immanent, of interiorizing it, and rendering it real without an external realism, of destroying philosophical and perceptual sufficiency without denying the necessity for perception” (Laurelle, Photo-Fiction, 7). Taking a look at Yvette Granata’s Processing sketch of Lampreys project, using Lampreys’ data images, a much more realistic, artistic lampreys are shown in the sketch. Not being a parasite that scared people away anymore, lampreys become more interesting and fictioning using Processing language.

Dr. Granata’s art is deeply intertwined with her process which is very important in making art. First of all, it creates the subject and the story in her art. With its depth, viewers are able to draw connection between the subject and the story, also related to the subject matter. Secondly, art and process intertwined with each other helps her to explore her creativity into another level, helps her to think outside the box, to bring us a different perspective of the subject. With a simple action of google search, she raised up a human habit of stereotype on looking at images. Then she tried to erase that stereotype with “photo-fiction.” “To immanentize photography, one can no longer take a ‘photograph of’, but can only photographize. With a photographized image, we are no longer the human center subject with lamprey animal as a threatening parasite object.”

The idea Dr. Granata presented is very practical since she already built up a Processing sketch for it. The sketch is amazing with a sense of floating and stretching illusion. There are some more images with the tooth showing before the video that I want to see how she did with her animation. The way she combined theory and practice is very clever; stating a human stereotype, then giving an action to stand up against that stereotype but also showing its aesthetic. With this method, audiences are easier to make connection, then understand her method deeper and in an interesting way. This process could be used in our SWITCH article with giving an example, then make out point for better understanding. Since our article is about “Social Credit Score,” we are thinking about giving out some facts since there is a country using this score and some scenarios and consequences if this score being used worldwide, or just only in the US.
