  The software she used was processing where she placed the image of the creature on the computer. 
“Through the execution of the code and the rendering of effects, the image is no longer recognizable as a lamprey nor as a photo of a lamprey. Instead, an alien scenario or scenography emerges, a photo-fiction, as the image process crafts a strange world devoid of a grasped-object, or without a stable representation”. It moves from being a creature to an abstract form of art through technology. This was a interesting read because we get to understand where the influence and the thought processes of the artist. It will also inspire students in how to think about their artwork more where we can add more philosophy into the piece and the meaning behind it. 

  In terms of abstractions, it started off with her talking about photography and how it only captures the proclivity of exposing itself. I think what she means by this that it’s only an image where it does not capture the whole object itself. It also ties into the theory of how people judge a book by its cover. “Following Laruelle’s line of thought, then, the photographic image is merely the mimesis of its technological prerogative—the process of capturing light bouncing off of objects—not the revelation of objects”. It was also interesting to see the theory claims where the philosophy claims are immanence and how she dissects it. The ideas Laruelle presented are both theory and practice where it starts off a theory but as then she works in it, it then becomes a practice. Where it all started off with the theory of the jawless fish and the assumptions against it. She then brings it into processing to make it into something beautiful where it becomes an art practice. 

  Ways I can demonstrate my ideas and theory through my practice is with technology. With technology, there are infinite ways to express my thoughts where it can be presented through new forms other than something visual. It could be through sound, virtually, or even through videos. I think to incorporate my own theories is to make the concept of the piece very clear where people will understand what I’m trying to say. To present the work to show people my practices would be the slow development of the work. People will be able to see my changes from when I first started with the medium and how it ended. This way people can see the improvements and understand the practice more clearly or how I experimented with it. 

  This could be used for the switch article because it helps students develop their theories of what the concept of their art piece is. It will also explain our practice where it varies between many students in the Digital Media Art program. From reading the process of this it will help us think more conceptually and expand our thoughts about the concept more thoroughly. 
