#### Reading 5: *Processing/Lampreys — Photo-Fiction as Digital Parasite Aesthetics*

*Processing/Lampreys — Photo-Fiction as Digital Parasite Aesthetics* by Yvette Granata was an interesting read that (I believe) delves deep into the ideas of how our perceptions of things change through the lens of a camera (photography) or visuals on a screen (photos and animations). Though I do not completely understand what Granata is talking about, there are a few points that I thought were the most intriguing and the most confusing to me. To begin with, Granata creates a scenario of using the Google search engine to search up a topic (in this case of a lamprey) as an example of how our biases toward an animal, thing, or object, etc. changes depending on what images are displayed. In the case of the lamprey, depictions of lamprey teeth becomes a dominant factor present in majority of the images. By doing so, “it becomes [is] a critique of the parasite, or a definition of the parasite as what it might do to us, a threat-mouth object, a thing that will suck on you.” Rather than depicting the parasite in its natural environment, Google provides images that emphasize the parasite’s teeth resulting in a fearful bias toward this creature. It creates an indication that these parasites are dangerous, threatening, and scary — a creature that is to be avoided unless you want to be bitten. 

Google (including different social media platforms) is a powerful, informative tool that can definitely alter or sway the public's thoughts and opinions; it can become a form of propaganda that can greatly influence how we think, what we believe, what we feel, etc. Nonetheless, with great power comes great responsibility: in every country, a lot of information is censored to the public or even modified to support a specific side/beliefs. This can become risky however, because it can create divisions and disagreements within society. 

On the other hand, a part that I really did not understand was when Granata talked about François Laruelle’s idea of “photo-fiction” which he describes as “rendering the photographic act immanent, of interiorizing it, and rendering it real without an external realism, of destroying philosophical and perceptual sufficiency without denying the necessity for perception.” Granata comments that Laruelle’s idea of “photo-fiction” is a “critique of philosophy’s separation of thought and immanence” and that “by thinking about immanence, philosophy has always separated itself from it, calling out philosophy’s auto-position to make claims about immanence or the Real.” From my understanding, “immanence” relates to something along the lines of the inherent, innate, and natural and “photo-fiction” means that photography itself is deceitful, a lie, because it captures images of past memories, places, etc.  to which we hold onto dearly, and yet those events have happened already. So when Laruelle says that we need to make the photographic act immanent without external realism, I think he refers to this idea of creating something real (photograph), and making people believe that it is real, without manipulating perception? Or that we should value the idea of photography itself rather than placing focus on the image that is produced? 

In terms of photography itself, I believe that internally, we all understand that photographs only represents moments that are captured in the past. In addition, we know that photographs can be manipulated and changed: according to Dayanita Singh, a photographer, “The lie starts with where you place the frame, what you include and what you leave out.” Especially in a society where social media has become a prominent factor in our lives, capturing and sharing the “perfect” shot has become a necessity to our daily lives in how we perceive ourselves and each other. 
