I thought the ideas presented in Yvette Granata’s article were very insightful about how I view photos and what they actually represent.
It is true that although photographs are simply captures of the light bouncing off of an object, there is a level of bias that comes with taking a picture. The angle and the portrayal of the objects being photographed are controlled by the person behind the lens. It was interesting to think about how google images portrays the parasite. Because only humans look these kinds of images up it makes sense that they would always be portrayed as the other or as an enemy. I like how Granata’s photographs or stills present the lamprey from an un-bias point of view. It also draws a parallel between the blood that a lamprey requires for survival and the data that we view when looking at a photo of one.
It intrigued me to think about how the pictures of lampreys are always from the victim’s perspective, and how this artist has changed that by blurring the line in the image between where the data represents the creature and where it doesn’t. Similar to blurring the line between the two creatures when a parasite is latched onto and feeding off of the resources of the other. 
She has sort of created software that is parasitic within a computer because it simulates more than just the looks of the creatures and parasitic organisms. It replicates the movements and sub-surface structures as well and creates a unique viewpoint from which to look at.
I really liked how the video looped but became more and more affected by the regular distortion in the same interval. I think it spoke well to the process that lampreys use and what happens to the host body and the connection between the two organisms. I think this repetition is a very useful and interesting tool I could use in my own work. I have recently been experimenting with repetition and delays in sound and it would be amazing to replicate that in visuals as well. 
I think the merging of theory and practice was very prevalent in Granata’s work, and I appreciate her really analyzing the process by which lampreys and other parasites live and have evolved. I think it is important for us to think about using this process for our SWITCH article. Not only talking about the surface but diving deeper into what the ideas actually mean and replicating them with our article itself. We are discussing the idea of the transcendence with modification, simulations, and iterations. I think it would be a great idea to not just write an article about this but have our article somehow communicate this idea through the medium itself, maybe through simulating a real life process inside of our article. 
We could have a simulated human person reading the reader our article, or simulate some other activity that usually requires human presence instead of a machine, but introduce some difference between the two experiences.
