# Reading 5 - Processing/Lampreys

I found Yvette Granada's article, Processing Lampreys —Photo-Fiction as Digital Parasite Aesthetics, to be very interesting. I enjoyed reading the article and exploring the idea of coding image processing as a parasitic entanglement. It is interesting how in her article the process itself is more important than the result. The way she talks about a parasite, a lamprey, its function in real life, photography, coding and image replacement made me think about the importance of the process and the function of any art created. I would say that art is a process of creation, but can art be a process of destruction??..

 Dr. Granata’s process involves exploration and deep thinking about the importance of what she is creating. The process of every art work contributes to the message and the story. Her art works are not just lines of code, instead, by coding, she creates an image of an entailed technological apparatus; this entanglement is a parasite aesthetics, which moves away from aesthetic experience ‘of an object’ and moves towards reframing aesthetics as an entailed process. 

 The videos that she made in Processing are abstract images, they don’t really look like lampreys, that's why Dr. Granata approached this article in terms of abstraction. She created a fish that can suck its prey’s blood that could be anything else through photo-fiction. I think the ideas she presented are both theory and practice. It is a theory because she is only describing how the program could be used, but it is not exactly usable. On the other hand, her ideas being practiced in her work; she successfully uses software and presents visual images she creates. I also think she successfully built software that is parasitic within the computer because it feeds off of the computer image and alters it on its own through the software. 

I think we could use this process for our SWITCH article, because we will show both theory and practice the reader gets more convinced by the provided information and gets more involved into the reading. There are some ways we could demonstrate our ideas through both theory and practice. For example, if we are going to talk about the use of 3D in art world we can actually 3D print something, we can also do a mockup of something, make a 3D Model, drawing, etc.. The topic of my group’s SWITCH article is about reinventing existing art, technology, etc..re-inventing the wheel, enhancing old ideas and making them new, a better version of something already done. We will talk (theory) about examples - what old art was translated into new art, and we will show (practice) our new art that we made, but taking the idea from the existing art. 
