In Processing Lampreys, Dr. Yvette Granata successfully simplifies and explains François Laruelle’s methods and theories on non-photography and photo-fiction.  She makes interesting points in relation to lamprey google searches.  She emphasizes the fact that when we google search a lamprey, we are initially bombarded with the fanged, scary images of a lamprey which leads us to associate lampreys with a scary and/or negative connotation initially. Granata implies, in unison with Roland Barthe’s myth, that “It produces a mythic threat by centering the lamprey teeth.”  She goes on to correctly associate a reduction of what the lamprey is as a species because simply because of this ‘photo of’ idea. 



In introducing Barthe’s myth, she also presents Laruelle’s methods and theories to combat the very problem. Essentially this method includes rendering the photographic act real without an external realism.  While I was able to follow what Granata was presenting, it’s not something that I completely understood.  

What I gathered, in theory, is that search engines like google have the ability to teach us about things we may not previously have any knowledge of but they also have the ability to impact our perceptions of things before we even know the science behind something by way of google images.  This is a valid point and was successfully emphasized by way of the lamprey search.  Without knowing what a lamprey is or what a parasite exactly does, we assume they’re these scary, biting, creepy things based on the images of lampreys in motion of attack that pop up in the initial search.  

Moving forward with my group’s switch article on 3D technological advancements in the medical field, I think the general concepts that I gathered from Granata’s article could be applicable.  Mainly, learn about the technology from a scientific aspect before making assumptions about their abilities and/or associations.  One of the technologies we include in the article is AI.  I think that AI, like lampreys often times gets a negative rep. based on things like movies and other things which imply that AI is going to overrule the world. 
