# Reading Three Response

I may not fully understand how technology is sexist, but the only types of bias I can come up, in terms of technology itself, are certain naming conventions in technology such as "Mother Boards", male-to-male wires, and how some smart speakers/assistants are given feminine voices and sometimes feminine names too. But I don't think naming a piece of hardware "Motherboard", which controls the most of the important stuff in a lot of technological things, is considered to be offensive. I guess in the cases of Siri and Alexa, their purpose and existence reinforces the old "man and wife" relationship. The old idea of how the husband is the one who works and earns money for the family whereas the wife is the one who stays at home and supports the husband within a house setting. There's also that main stereotype in pop culture where if an android, robot, or something similar is depicted as female then it is normally a caretaker of sorts or servant whereas male depicted robots are more violent. For example, movies often depict female robots somewhat beautiful or with a soft speaking voice like in "Ex Machina" or "H.E.R".
I'm not quite sure if the concept of feminism needs to evolve per se. Right now I'm perfectly fine with the "googled" definition of feminism which "the advocacy of women's rights on the basis of the equality of the sexes". But I'm well aware that there is the misconception of feminism being tied to radical feminists. And sexual harassment on social media, video games, and overall throughout the internet is absolutely a problem and I would everyone to treat each other fairly. Yet I have not necessarily encountered this issue personally and have only heard stories from my friends who tried creating female avatars or used feminine names in gaming. And I have no proof of this, but I feel like the world is moving more towards equality, though this is just a feeling. I think that feminism is still very prevalent today even with all the technological shifts and advancements. For me, if technology suddenly changed some of its functionality and terminology just because it was slightly offensive, seems a bit overwhelming.
With that being said, I believe the reading was somewhat relevant in my life for I never truly considered technology as a sexist. As a matter of fact, I was asking around how technology was considered sexist and that is how I came to remember motherboards and other certain naming conventions as well as the smart helpers/assistants. Although I would argue that this isn't really a problem. I agree that the type of naming conventions for technology may lean more in one way or another, but the changes expressed in the article seemed a bit much. For example, the article stated "In the name of feminism, 'Nature' shall no longer be a refuge of injustice", which to me seems to be a quick call to action and such a quick call might cause more a uproar.
