# Xenofeminism 

After reading the Xenofeminism manifesto, I believe that feminism and the need for equality scopes not only in technology, but also in all parts of life. As the manifesto claims, “freedom is not given, and it’s certainly not given by anything ‘natural’.” I interpreted this claim as that historically, white men specifically, have dominated everything about society and are the “givers” and “takers” of freedom. This has also translated into the digital world to the point where people online and who are interacting with the digital world are being oppressed by the higher system. 


A major bias built into technology that I can think of is in the video game industry. I casually play multiplayer games with friends, and through a few games, there is evidence of bias in video games. The most major bias that exists in the video game industry is that women do not play video games, but if they do, they are mostly the subordinate to the male player or there is the assumption that they are not very good at playing the game. There are so many associations when it comes to gender and video games, such as the female player as the support or provider of the team while the male player is more competitive and carrying the team. If a woman is seen in the male role during the game, then others assume that she could be cheating or just getting very lucky and she’s not praised for her skill. In a more positive outlook, more and more women are playing video games, and they are becoming more accepted in the video game community.  However, the assumptions toward female players are still prevalent in the community, and if we take measures to counteract biases, then we could eliminate those biases. I think that Xenofeminism applies to this case because it seeks to equalize the playing field through technological utilization. 

I think that the concept of feminism is slowly evolving because of how problems towards minorities are arising in social media. I’m not sure when the manifesto was written, but the manifesto claims that other minorities, not just women, should also be included in the conquest for equality. If minorities are also included in the realm of the need for equality, then the term “feminism” would have to evolve to reflect that change. However, I feel that the term, because it applies to strictly women, needs to remain as what is is now because women are still struggling to attain equality, and using the term emphasizes women’s struggle. By combining women and minorities into one category or term, I feel that the message is lost for women because there is also a huge difference being a woman, being a male minority, and being a female minority. 

The term “feminism” is not an outdated term and it is reflected in the context of present-day technological advancements and shifts in culture. I feel that the term is not outdated because technology, social media especially, hosts platforms for social discourse and change. As technology gets better, there are better ways of expressing ideas and sharing information with others. I feel that as long as there’s inequality, the term “feminism” won’t become an antiquated term. 
