# Reading 3 Response

The author of the manifesto makes a lot of very strong claims that we live in a patriarchal society dominated by straight, white, males. Being a tall, fairly decent looking, straight, white, male myself, I feel that this is the case. I enjoy a lot of luxuries that are not afforded to people of other skin tones and gender appearances. I can instantly get better service by shining my big-pearly whites and asking nicely. When I am pulled over, I don’t feel I’ve every really been treated unfairly. I never have that moment of “oh shit, I’m going to jail.” The moment is more like, “oh dear, manners on, time to have a short discussion about my speed.” And I can walk alone at night without much fear. I was never really aware of this until I started dating my short, Filipino girlfriend who made me aware of the privilege that I have. I feel that this privilege is squandered on me; I’m not doing anything important with my life. People like MLK Jr. deserved the simple niceties of being able to explain themselves to a police officer, or not be perceived as a weak and easy target for nighttime rapists/murderers/the SJSU serial fondler. This is why I am a feminist.

It is easy to see the institutional sexism and racism present from either side of the coin. So when the Xenofeminists argue for anonymity and digitization, it is clear that they are arguing for equality. And I’m all for it. Everyone should be given the niceties that those who have that lucky blend of phenotypes receive. It is not that the concept of feminism needs to evolve. It is the same concept of equality for all. The text demonstrates how feminist ideology can be applied to technology and the interesting results it causes.

As technology has continued to be visually oriented, this continues to reinforce society’s old power structures. The same beautiful people are still shown and admired, and we put value into them through fawning over them. We remember daily every time we see an ad that Brad Pitt or whoever is the pinnacle of humanity. You should look like him; you can buy his clothes and his fragrance in the link down below. Xenofeminists bring attention to the fact that the digital world and the physical world are now intertwined and that it is possible to exert force in the digital through the physical and vice versa. People who were dealt a raw deal by nature can live a life in the digital world that can free them from the bias our culture has. They can appear to be anonymous, which lets us suspend our bias. Xenofeminists argue that we should not revere nature because we put value into people who are excellent specimens. Trans, diseased, or scarred people are looked down upon. Xenofeminism is the school of thought characterized by renaming reason as an engine of feminist emancipation and declares the right of everyone to speak as no one in particular. Anonymity gives people that are adversely affected by patriarchal, straight white male dominated society, the ability to take their rights back.

It is clear that Xenofeminist ideology is advocating for equality and that Xenofeminists have come about as a result of the digital and physical worlds becoming more and more merged. It is a very interesting school of thought. We should always be aware of our increasing use of technology and the thought spaces it puts our heads in.
