Reading Three Xenofeminism

When it comes to technology, I do personally believe that there is some sort of bias built into it because of how society has set the gender roles for our world. In the history of the American culture, and many others as well, you tend to see the woman using things that are considered feminine, whether it be cook ware, kitchen tools, etc. and men using things like power tools, cars, and technological tools like computers. In the present day, these, of course, have indeed drastically changed. We as a society have become a little more understanding that technology can be used by and gender and we should keep it like that. There are still some problems here and there but there are those who are trying to change that as well. With this build or our history however, we see that the male dominates the female in a way in terms of being smarter, and stronger, creating a sense of hierarchy in power; fortunately, as time went on, this disappeared little by little, but it is still prevalent today in some subjects. An example of this is like the playing of video games. There are still males who think that females, in general, should not be playing videogames and should be doing something else, while others think that the girl gamers will always be under performing than boy gamers. The thing is, when they are proven wrong, they tend to make another excuse whether it be the other team was doing horrible, or that they had no support what so ever, so it is not their fault that they did horrible. This is what I see mainly in my life as a gamer myself. I’ve seen many female gamers getting harassed by other male gamers whether it be from mean comments or sexual comments, and it irks me that some male gamers seem to never mature. 
When it comes to feminism, I believe that there needs to be a change or a little tweak to the whole concept. Sometimes feminism can get a little annoying, because the ones who support it sometimes put scenarios that just does not make any sense up for debate. I personally think feminism is a great perspective to have, but again, it is a perspective, those who support it have to be open minded to those that do not support feminism and likewise the other way. I personally believe that technology is trying to support both genders equally and as technology advances and shifts cultures, we will one day be satisfied at where we are and not have to argue about equality in gender anymore. In the end, I hope that all is well and hopefully this term “feminism” will turn into something else entirely for the sake of peace and society as a whole. 
