Interrupt

In Xenofeminism they talked about having a defense for sexual harassment in technological use such as social media. I think this is certainly not a good idea to do because it would basically be censoring the internet if a defensive mechanism was to be applied on every person that would voice out their opinion on what they think of another person online. There are many ways to block out technological sexual harassment online, so I think that feminizing the internet in my opinion is not a good idea at all. In the worst case, if social media was to be too cruel for people there are ways to make it private and just have the people you know look at your account and if that doesn’t solve it why not just get out of social media. If the internet was to be feminized people would lose a lot of freedom from the restrictions given by the feminist created program. I just think feminizing the web is more like censorship which is a bad idea in my opinion. 

Parity

In this topic about abolition of gender, class, and race I don’t agree with it at all. In the case of race, I think that we need to know people’s race because in today’s society we don’t put enough emphasis on people’s race that is why there’s racism. If we focused more on people’s race for example black people and white people and looked at that black people are being oppressed and white people do get more benefits in the world we can change the fact that there wrong and right things that happen to these races. Instead of eliminating the race and looking at everybody the same, which I think the world is not ready for, we should focus on peoples race and culture and be more aware of them. Also, I think gender should be classified and not be eliminated at all. I think that there is a male and female and nothing else. Why is it so hard to be classified to what you are? Even if people feel different about who they like or attracted to gender specification isn’t that hard to make and if a certain individual doesn’t want to specify their gender then its up to them.  

Overflow

I agree a little about the Xenofeminism because some topics in the world is unfair for a lot of people. Like Xenofeminism said its not about overthrowing the whole topic of the situation its more of reworking and transforming the topic to better the situation for more people. Even though I agree that there some things we need to regulate, to some degree, in order for us to help people have better situations I think feminism is a wrong term to use in these situations. Instead use something related to a radical change for everyone to use. Feminizing topics is a wrong way to go about making changes in the world because it relates more to women and if we are really trying to change something for everybody singling out masculinity is a wrong way to go about it in my opinion.
