## Xenofeminism:
After trying to read the text carefully, I found that it’s very hard to understand with the use of language. I actually had to go over our classmates responds to clarify the text’s content. As being grew up in a third world country, my experience with gender discrimination was abundant. When I was a kid I heard that this is a problem in most Asian countries especially for new born kids. I heard that in China, since they have the single child policy, every family only wants to have a boy. They would abort if they figured out the baby is a girl. Moreover, the role of women in a family can compare to slave. They have to do house chores, don’t allow to go to school, even being trade for goods. There was an ancestor's precept that femini before marriage had to obey her father, after marriage had to obey her husband, after her husband died had to obey her son. Women were always be blamed for mistakes, for men’s affair, for raising children in a wrong way, for everything. Women didn't have any freedom in life. Nowadays, this problem has been decreased, but still happens in some remoted area. Feminism has been raised among the society, women are allowed to work, to be respect, to do whatever they want. 

The manifesto is not only talk about feminism, but also mention about something broader, gender abolition. Yes human is born as either boy or girl shape with some exception, but inside that body is a free soul. We are allowed to determine who we are and what we want to be. For a long time, the LGBT community was under controversy; LGBT people were afraid to come out, to admit who they are. Parents were ashamed of having LGBT’s child; the whole society rejected this community. But look at the world now, 27 countries has legalized same sex marriage, and the number continues to grow. The restriction of gender is being clear for a gender-free world. I’m not sure if it’s a better world, but it’s definitely a more equal world. 

