### Reading Three: Xenofeminism

Xenofeminism, or “XF,” is a movement founded by six women who use technology as a platform to fight against inequalities found in modern day technologies and advocate for change not only in the technological world, but in the domestic setting as well: “XF seeks to strategically deploy existing technologies to re-engineer the world.  Serious risks are built into these tools; they are prone to imbalance, abuse, and exploitation of the weak.” Today, many biases are built into technology, such as new social profiling technologies, artificial intelligence, social media, and algorithms — certain algorithms have be used to “help” determine job recruitments, identification (such as determining a suspect for a crime), giving an individual a loan, or even sending someone to prison or granting him/her parole. Unfortunately, these automated decision-making algorithms can have a disproportionate impact on socially disadvantaged groups, typically for people of color. Moreover, there is a huge disparity in the workforce between men and women; to this day, women are still being compensated less than men even if both of them have the same job. However, the witness of a patriarchal society has not been a recent issue, but one that has been consistently seen in the past and carried through generations. In addition, social media has become such a dominant factor in our lives that we use it as a form of self-expression and a place where we can share our lives and experiences. Sadly, it has also become a platform for bullying and discrimination: hateful comments against people of different race, gender, sex, and different beliefs. “These puritanical politics of shame -- which fetishize oppression as if it were a blessing, and cloud the waters in moralistic frenzies -- leave us cold.  We want neither clean hands nor beautiful souls, neither virtue nor terror.  We want superior forms of corruption.”

Furthermore, I find the term “xenofeminism” to be an interesting term because it combines the ideas of “xeno-” or alien/foreign, and “feminism,” “the advocacy of women’s rights on the basis of the equality of the sexes” — on one hand, it incorporates advocating for the equality of both sexs in addition to those who do not fall under the social norm, such as transgenders, genderless, etc. It plays on the notion that they are “anti-naturalist” and gender abolitionists, meaning that they are against nature and biological norms (where our sex and gender determine/define our destinies, status, and value in society). XF seeks to break those social norms to create a world of acceptance and a society free of social discrimination and injustice.

In addition, though I may not completely relate on an individual level, as a woman myself, I have seen many other women being harassed on social media or in video games just because of their sex. Laced throughout social media, you can see a lot of hate comments commenting about their physical appearance, looks, and behavior saying how they are not good enough, too fake, try too hard, etc. In video games, a lot of women are harassed or told that they are not good enough to play or degraded into sexual objects, leading them to hide or change their identities. I find this treatment to be ridiculous and absurd. 
