# Reading Two Response

I do believe that the images we interact with connect to and relate to some portion of ourselves. It is only natural to pick out images that we appeal to or fascinate us; something that correlates to various things such as our beliefs, interests, and so forth. The things we choose to share and display gives a the public a glance, or at the very least an idea, of what our world is like, allowing them to perceive a portion of our reality. I say it is only a portion, because I believe our reality is ever changing and shifting. I also believe that it is impossible to display all of one's reality, because others will perceive it differently. 
The idea of personal realities being exhibited through a collection of various things that we connect with can be, in my opinion, extended with all forms of technology. John Berger mainly talked about the camera, but now we have radio, laptops, phones, tablets, and VR as well as AR. There are more ways to present our thoughts and ideas. People can post photos they have taken on their phones on Snapchat or other social media platforms.
Images are a great form of advertisement as well as persuasion, but we have also added sound which is exemplified through the fusion of moving imagery and audio, video ads. Advertisers can complement videos with the natural sounds of the video, music, narrations, or any combination of them. This creates an atmosphere that helps the viewers feels a certain way. Combine sad music with somber narration and add some quick clips of depress looking animals, and you can persuade people to donate to local animal shelters or adopt an animal. Happy music can get a person in good mood, perhaps good enough of a mood to buy whatever is being advertised. It basically adds another sensory detail to one's imagination. If a painting offers a mask or costume for the viewers to step into and act out their imaginations, then video offers both sound and more motion to that imagination. 
A google search offers a lot of this as well. What I mean is, when you search up something google will present everything that ties in with the search word such as images, news, website, videos, products, and even maps that are somehow related in one way or another. Although I don't think it provides the exact same imagination as images and video does, it could lead you there however, but I do believe it acts as a digital library for exploration.
Historically, art was originally meant for the upper class, or people of similar status, to enjoy. It is only natural for the artist paint something that would demonstrate one's wealth and power. However, I never really considered this until I watched all the videos. We still have art such as the ones explained in the videos, but I think we have moved a bit from that and focused more on the concepts behind the art as far traditional art goes. I do agree with Berger's ideas and believe it is still relevant even now.
