# Reading Two: John Berger's Ways of Seeing (1972)

In the first episode, John Berger discusses how the perspective and interpretation of art (specifically European paintings) have changed since the invention of the camera. Before the camera, people would have to visit the location in which the painting was hung to experience it. People are mindful of the space they are in, using that information to contextualize what the painting is or may mean. Berger asserts how cameras are able to capture reality, reproduce, and manipulate the human eye. Seeing the painting as a printed image or on the screen changes how viewers perceive and interpret it. Various camera movements may leave out details of the painting or enhance certain features to convey different messages. Today, information and visual images are transmitted through the internet, allowing others to access them in their own convenience.

How people use social media is similar to how the camera can take away some information from a painting or amplify a certain detail. For example, users on Instagram can control what images or photos can be posted onto their profile. They guide how their followers perceive them and how they want to be seen to the public eye. Thus, they would be more inclined to highlight important moments in their lives. In our generation, we care what other people think and how others react to our social media presence in order to develop our own identity.

When it comes to talking about nobility and prestige in the art space, many associate those terms with Renaissance art. We have been taught that many of these works are commissioned by patrons (kings, queens, and churches). In addition, the common imagery portrayed in European art are of royal kin. I believe that art has played a role in power and prestige historically and are less evident in the contemporary art world. Art has expanded to various practices and mediums such as social practice, disciplinary, and activist art. Symbols of prestige are rarely used in contemporary works. Beyond the traditional paintings, socially engaged arts and performances can cultivate and influence their audience to induce positive or negative changes. The power to influence is in the works itself rather than the imagery being put forth. The influential change is noticed through the reactions of other people on social media platforms. 

Advertisements and publicity, however, do strive on power and prestige. They market their products towards a specific demographic. For example, Gucci, Louis Vuitton, Saint Laurent, Tesla and other luxury brands cater to those who have money (middle-class to upper-class). People often find certain brands or owning those products validate their self-worth. Currently, millennials have picked up on Apple Airpods as their new social media meme or trend. Many have referenced others who do not own any to be “broke.” Due to this meme or trend, the sales for Apple Airpods have increased. In addition, many of the ads that we see on social media are filtered to fit our interests and needs. I agree with Berger that advertisements are a reflection of us as a society. It will influence what we think and buy to accommodate the economy. Technology has played a huge role in shifting our perspectives and will continue to do so for future generations.
