# Ways of Seeing Response
Through the lens of Western perspective, Berger accurately analyzes the role of wealth and power in artwork. Classical western artworks frequently depicted the lifestyles of those in the societal elite and their material possessions as a way of immortalizing their wealth. The artworks displayed the ideal scenario in which a person or valuable, material object is composed in a manner that was meant to highlight its value. The people in the portraits are dressed wearing the finest garb of their era and are absolutely surrounded by objects of decadence, as well as people in their service. However, there are certain, harsh realities that are evident within the paintings given their context and the time we have had to analyze them. All of the posing and props that afforded these people a sense of deserved narcissism and affirmed their supposed greatness actually serve to reveal darker truths about how their wealth was gained and allocated. Elites and their slaves are a pervasive depiction throughout a large amount of these artworks, and though they have all these luxurious things around them, there is nothing within the painting that lends perspective on the great wealth disparity between these people and the rest of society during their time as well as the skeletons within their very large closets. We see only the things and the wealth in the painting which renders them eerily devoid of substance, though they are technically marvelous. We gain no other insight into the reality that these people lived, aside from the mere fact that they were materially wealthy.
	Though this has been said in reference to classical artwork, Berger points out that all of the same kinds of aggrandizing take place in the modern age of mass media. Advertisements and television give people a perspective of how happy they could be if they are able to afford the products that are being peddled ad nauseum. The objects take center stage to the human image and the human image is only there so that those viewing the ad envision themselves in that person’s position. The imagery distorts reality, shifting it to present a new life for the person that does not feasibly exist, making this happy, wealthy life seem easily attainable and ignoring a sense of reality that is prevalent in the human experience. 
	Though we expect ads to target us for our envy of wealth, social media allows modern users to exploit the same ideas by tailoring a fabricated reality to present to those within our social circles and beyond. When a social media account is created, the user, for the most part, presents all of the information that they want others to see. They are allowed to omit aspects of their life that they feel must remain secret or even parts that are ordinary, in order show all the best aspects of their lives. This becomes what the world views a person as and with that an image is created on the screen that is meant to represent a person. This image becomes how a person is viewed and, in a way, they are selling themselves to those around them to make their life appear more favorable, which could be considered a form of narcissism. It is a culturally ingrained phenomenon that we must do whatever it takes to preserve an image of success in order to understand a level of societal acceptance while  burying the ugliest parts of reality. In this sense, we hide our realities from the world, but as we are all aware, you can only cover up ugly, you can not get rid of it.
