John Berger’s series “Way of Seeing” raise a question among the audience by the way they observe the visual images. In the first episode, he talked about the reproduction and re-orientation of imagery is the language of the Meme era. He also stated about “The ability to reply in the modern age” which is what we are doing in present. His experience of children talked about Caravaggio’s painting is very remarkable. They were children; they didn’t have any art education to know what was the background of that painting, but instead, they were able to guess and use their imagination to wonder. Being adult, we were alway be taught very straight forward and not be able to explore outside the box. As other example he shown, by not looking at a painting as a whole painting, but to look at detail, add on music, the interpretation of the painting would change. On the second episode, he mentioned about nudity in art and encourage feminism. Feminism wasn’t considered as an importance aspect in ancient art world compared to the modern life where women has equal right. He pointed out the difference between naked as being yourself and nude as being observed naked by others without recognition. His point inspired feminism of being confident and believe in their beauty. The third episode was about owning and displaying oil painting as a prove of wealthiness and class in the ancient society. In contrast, there are many ways to show wealthiness nowadays by appearance, cars, house, costumes, photos on social media and many more. Last but not least, the final episode was about advertising where images reflects marketplace.

All of his idea behind each episode applies well in nowadays technology especially in social media. In modern world, social media became an important part in each people life. Everything we see in social media somehow shapes our perspective about the world especially in advertising. Advertising is about persuasive message which you’re going to pay someone to put your advertise to somewhere. It is an act of drawing public attention to one’s product, service, need, etc, especially by paid, not just by imagery. First it creates awareness to try product/service, then customers purchase and hopefully become brand loyalty, and finally brand fanatic. Everything needs to be advertise or else, it will be forgotten. Maybe in history, artworks represented power and prestige, but nowadays, artworks are “the expression or application of human creative skill and imagination, typically in a visual form such as painting or sculpture, producing works to be appreciated primarily for their beauty or emotional power.”
