After watching the first episodes of Ways Of Seeing by John Berger, Berger talks about how cameras give us more viewpoints of the world around us. Cameras give us more viewpoints that a human eye cannot possibly reach in one stance.The human eye can only see so much at once and only one viewpoint each time, however, a camera allows for a variety of varying perspectives. In the second episode of Ways Of Seeing by John Berger, Berger talks about nudity in paintings and how women can often be perceived a certain way due to society. Berger talks about how it relates now and also how it was perceived historically.I agree with Berger with this statement about nudity because often women have been objectified. It is interesting how nude paintings are of women, yet there is a very small percent of women who are the actual artist. Society has perceived women as objects and sexualized them historically and it still occurs now. In the third episode of Ways Of Seeing by John Berger, Berger goes on to talk about paintings and how paintings kept moments and told a story through them. Berger believes traditional painting has been broken, and although I agree to some extent, I just feel like new mediums have come about as we progress in society. Historically there has only been oil paint, not computers. In the last episode of Ways Of Seeing by John Berger, Berger puts an emphasis on what we see and how images can change the way live in society. Berger talks about art and even screens being a form of communication through a lens. Now screens can show images and even text to get points across, but before as I saw in the other episodes, it was only captured through oil paintings.
