Art 104
Reading 2
Ways of Seeing, John Berger
It was very interesting to hear about the different emotions and spaces created by viewing a painting that is 1 of 1 in an art gallery versus viewing a replica on a screen. Viewing it in a gallery seems like more of a controlled experience created by the painting itself, while viewing it on a screen adds the environment around you as you look at it. The experience is different for everyone and viewing it on a screen is more like viewing the idea of the painting instead of the painting itself. The idea is instead being transmitted and mass produced as information and ideas. I think in modern day context, viewing a painting digitally is very much different than looking at it in person. It is like comparing landscape photography to seeing a landscape in person. Each medium has a different experience, and digital media definitely has a mass-produced or mass-distributed quality associated with it. It is more accessible which means that more varying forms of the intended experience are going to occur when people look at a digital object in their own physical spaces. I would perceive any experience that exists in a specific space as more of a 1 of 1 experience. 
John Berger began talking about the ways that women are portrayed in paintings, especially in nudes, and discussing how it was not portraying the woman herself but instead the woman in a form of costume. I agreed with him when he discussed how it was not a painting of the woman because it was not portraying the woman as herself, but instead as an idea of sexuality and as an object. I had picked up on this idea in art history classes through viewing nude paintings and seeing how they portrayed their subjects as these worshipable ideas, but I feel like I had never really understood how these works were affected by their purpose: to be viewed by a man. When Berger discussed their pose and how it is always meant for the viewer, and when there is a man present in the nude painting, the woman is almost always exclusively looking out of the painting at the viewer, I thought about advertisements and how they heavily emphasize the sexuality of women and often portray them as objects or ideas instead of people. I think this falls right in line with the audience of these advertisements. Similarly to how the paintings of nude women were meant to be viewed by men, advertisements often serve as ideas, or sell an idea, and are spread through mass-media. Advertisements are catered to an audience and aren’t afraid to exploit certain ideals to reach an audience more effectively.  
I resonated with episode 3 when he talked about paintings as objects that could be owned and bought. In the age of European oil painting, they were created for an audience: rich white men. Because of this they catered toward and often portrayed wealth as their subject. Some were simply meant to display how wealthy the owner was. They depicted a sort of idea of flexing on other people. To bring confidence to their owners and help their celebrate themselves. 
I don’t think these concepts of displaying power and control are as relevant today in art. There are many more different mediums that exist now that are not focused on tangibility and ownership or value. But I do believe this idea has transferred to other areas of culture. Advertisements are one of these areas. Social media is an area of culture where people do a lot of flexing with their own lives or possessions. They are opportunities for displaying aspects of your life, but social media feels more for other people rather than the owner of its profile. It helps us connect but there is a filter on the window into people’s lives that is controlled by the profiles owner. If people are concerned with what they post because other people will see, it is kind of catered for an audience of everyone else. Profiles exist for everything though, and not every profile is meant to accurately represent someone’s life. 
