## Reading One
‘An Introduction to Virtual Reality’, by Leda Kanellakos was an interesting article that described what virtual reality really was. The author starts off by comparing virtual reality to technology in the 1940s and how majority of home own at least one television set, compared to the 1940s where there were only 5,000 television sets. The technology we have, more specifically, the VR we have today is considered the most advanced a television can get, which explicitly shows how much technology has advanced over many years and how far we’ve come. We have gone from large, bulky televisions to flat screen TVs, and now in 2019, we have virtual reality headsets that allow us to experience a digital and interactive world. Kanellakos portrays Virtual Reality as one that is “an alternate world filled with computer-generated images that respond to human movements”, where we as humans can “enter” into those virtual worlds and explore what is so-called “reality”. 

As we compare how technology has advanced over the years, today we see everyone’s heads down, facing their phones, scrolling through their text messages or social media pages. There are rarely any face-to-face conversations happening because the technology we have today is so convenient and addictive. Kanellakos also mentions how the VR has the “ability to make the fake seem much more real than television”, which is slightly frightening as we continue to see how Virtual Reality and technology grows altogether. 

In Michelle Wright’s article, ‘Racism and Technology’, she talks about how technology should be “analyzed, critiqued, and revamped” to steer clear of the false statements and conclusions. Wright starts off by introducing Henry Louis Gates, who published the article, “One Internet, Two Nations”, describing the tension between how African Americans and the Whites use computers and technology today. Gates fails to interview blacks who actually use technology and proposes that they should be corrected. He states that blacks should be corrected so they “can finally overcome their self-destructive behaviors and learn how to imitate and eventually,... integrate with their white and black middle class role models.” 

Today, we are able to search up news articles and the most up to date information about anything on the internet that we assume is true. With a click of a button, we find millions of results to what we are looking for and we immediately believe what we see is true. We don’t usually take the time out to actually double check to see if it is accurate. It’s interesting how much technology has taken over our modern society, as no one really reads the newspapers anymore because everything can be found online with a press of a button or a tap of a screen. I find it fascinating, yet scary at how quickly technology is advancing. With so many creative inventions, soon our world will only be technology-based with no paper. 

As we watch our society develop, it is important to also understand the history of technology and how we have gotten to where we are today as our audience continues to grow.   

