#2 Virtual Reality a brief introduction 1994
Leda Kanellakos gives a thoughtful response and possible future on the idea of Virtual Reality. From a total of 5,000 television sets in the US to being able to immerse yourself further from reality into a different one we have come very far than anything once imaginable with technology. Kanellakos predicts that VR will eventually become the main way of communicating. She especially looked at that communication from a business and work stand point. “People may portray fake self-images and thus, may manipulate other’s perceptions to achieve their own objective in, say, a negotiation at hand.” From ditching letters and telephone calls the business world is run with scheduled video conferencing. What is next when we decide to ditch that form of communication? Virtual Reality. Along with this new form of interaction comes augmenting it. She questions why not take off a few pounds of your image or change your hair to make yourself look better than you are to score points with companies thousand miles away. This all might sound very intimidating and a little bit scary to think that this could be the next step in the reality of world technology. However, if you think about it, that’s been happening for a while. Take Instagram for example, people have been altering and deceiving their viewers ever since the app has been up. Her hair isn’t really that vibrant shade of blue every time and his abs aren’t flexing in every off guard shot taken. It’s really up to the viewer to be able to draw the line between what’s real and what’s fake. We can decide to fully immerse ourselves in this new technology or we can acknowledge that it is in fact an augmented reality and still have a complete awareness of real reality. And I think if we can conquer and continue the latter, then virtual reality will thrive and grow to be a healthy turn of the century invention. 


#21 Ladyboys: Human Art 
This subject about discussing someone’s born gender vs the gender they wish to be is all too familiar to me and my generation. I have never once sat down and considered the person’s true gender and the process to embrace that to be art. The author addressed my main question that I had the whole time I was reading this which was “Perhaps it is a little inhumane to compare a human to a piece to art, but once one beings altering physical appearance for the sake of a better existence within society, one becomes fair game to such comparisons.” I was struggling with the morality of this article but I guess since the author is specifically talking about “Ladyboys” in Thailand that portray women to earn money then maybe it’s not so much about the gender aspect but about the image. Making it okay to call how these men making themselves over with as a form of art. All of the practices and technologies that would allow this to happen such as hair and makeup, fashion, surgery, etc. I would call art so therefore the product of that dedication and skill would be art.  
