# Reading One Response

For this response, I have read "Web Tribes" by Joseph Squire and "An Introduction to Virtual Reality" by Leda Kanellakos. "Web Tribes" described the older form of the web where videos were "the size of a postage stamps" and the load times for images were often very slow. In this day and age, nearly all videos found on the web can expand to full screen and almost every image on the web load much faster. In a sense, we do kind of form and fall under our own "web tribes" through the use of various web outlets like blogs, social media, and even youtube channels. And each tribe gives off there own vibe based on the type of people affiliated, for it is only natural that people would flock to groups that share similar interests. I'm sure the author would be delighted to hear that many artists using the internet  frequently as well as finding electronic art being displayed on the web. Although it was short, the design of the article was properly spaced for easy reading while managing to keep me interested in the topic.

"An introduction to Virtual Reality" talked about the early version of VR, where in addition to head mounted eye goggles, full wired clothing is also needed to provide the "full" virtual experience. Today, VR is considered to be the new medium and next big thing. It still requires a headset of some sort, but no special clothing or full body gear is needed, but most vr gear requires  "lighthouses" when using hand-held controllers, which provides the interaction, such as movement, within the virtual reality. I'm actually surprised to hear that there were similar VR technology back then and I'm a bit astonished on the author's description of changing one's appearance using VR. It is true that everyone can converse and interact with one another while altering their appearance. Such is the case with VR Chat where users can select their own virtual avatar to move within a virtual space with other users. The avatars can range from all sorts of animals to certain video game characters and pop culture icons. However, I don't believe that VR will be used for things like important conference meetings or high school reunions. The idea of lots of business people and the like would use VR for a conference meeting seems a bit unconventional. The same goes for high school reunions. I would say that skype would be a better alternative than VR, but the future might hold a few surprises. Conceptually, I think the style and flow of the subject is similar to a blog and my feeling towards it is somewhat neutral.

I believe theses subjects are very intriguing. To see how much has changed and how much has stayed the same is important in learning the history of technology. As well as understanding what the previous generations predicted for the future of technology is important so that we don't repeat any similar mistakes as our predecessors. 
