While exploring Switch, there were two articles that caught my eye—Useless Web Pages by Ben Eakins and Charred Edges by Christine Laffer. Both were created over 20 years ago, and they really felt like online relics. The site itself was straightforward and the icon designs felt old; for example, the printing icon at the bottom right hand corner of the page is something I usually don’t see. Nowadays, there’s links down there, directing us to social media, like Twitter and Instagram. It’s an attempt to maintain a connection between the writer, or organization, and the viewer no matter where in the web. 

The article Useless Web Pages was created on March 1997 and delved exactly on what the title suggests—useless web pages. The writer specified a few qualities that deem a web page as useless, and they include that they lack information or provide irrelevant information. It’s difficult to judge a page in such a way because what makes a site irrelevant? It all depends on what the viewer is seeking. This article caught my eye because it reminded me of the artists JODI, made up of two artists. One of their works include a bunch of green text on a black background. The information could be seen as useless, but if the viewer inspects the site they will clearly see a blueprint on how to create an atomic bomb. It’s a work of art. One that could easily be mistaken as one of these ‘useless’ web pages. 

The other article was titled Charred Edges, and it was created on June 1998. This Switch article focused on feminism, specifically what they called ‘Grrrl power.’ It talked about the end of unified feminism, which does not mean the end of feminism as a whole, but the start of a new generation of feminism. Grrrls are what the writer referred to as cyber feminists, and they pinpointed a few sites that focused on this—girl empowerment. One of the interesting things they brought up was liberation and how no liberation narrative leads from slavery to freedom. The end of one generation of feminism only means the beginning of another. Until this day, the internet continues to be a place used for identity formation and simply bringing people together. 

When reading these articles and just seeing the way that they are displayed really makes me think about how much things have changed. All I’ve ever know are online communities and social media, in general. Back then, it seemed like a big step to have an online presence, something that not many had. Now, almost everyone can be found online. People tend to think of the web as something separate from reality. When talking about people they know in person, they refer to them as ‘IRL’ friends and such. It’s almost a common thing that online behavior will not result in consequences outside of it. These past 20 years, I guess people are still able to find many useless web pages, but they can be more easily recognized as cyber art. 
