# Reading Seven Response

The main topic of the reading is about digital labor, and how digital workers act as extensions of software versus the idea that machines and technology are usually an extension of the user. Digital labor is interesting, because you are like a freelancer(to a very some degree) who is also responsible for providing your tools, healthcare, and other benefits that would, in many cases, would be normally provided by an employer or business. Digital workers act like bots that are hired to complete a service or task where you would think a normal software can complete, hence these workers are referred to as "bots". However, the reading mentions that "riding a bike" also counts towards digital labor as it is digital mediated labor. For example, some of my friends are Uber drivers who are basically taxi drivers but are more readily available and more private than taxi services. If you think about it in an analog sense, Uber drivers are programmed to await for requests by clients, drive to a meeting point, and transport the passenger to a specified location. In a way, I'm describing a bot that acts as an extension of a mobile vehicle. It's almost like describing a self-driving car. And in a sense, we are all digital workers, because we all unknowingly produce a product called data that is then sold to buyers and/or advertisers that use this information to sell specific products and services. But is begs the question, should we get paid for giving away information about ourselves? Big corporations like Google and Facebook are making money off of their users in exchange for some access to the corporations' services. Personally, I don't really know where I stand in all this. I'm using their free services, so I think it's fair that they get to record my data and sell it off. Yet, this company is making money off of me and so I feel like I should get a slice of the cake. Although I'm not particularly sure where I stand in this, I also don't care all too much about it either.
Compared to the previous reading, which expressed the possibility of an artificial super intelligence, this one seems to be referring to average working people as being similar to, or acting as, low quality artificial intelligence or, basically, a bot. It also talks about the automatization of labor as well as artificial intelligence within the context of digital labor. Currently, artificial intelligence can be found in the digital realm, but are more considered as a collection of algorithms, which basically makes them bots. The pepper robot is a robot AI that is capable of reading and interpreting emotions, but for all I know, that could just be a very sophisticated algorithm. From what I can remember about artificial super intelligence, it's much more large scale than what we currently have and it is capable of more human related actions and "personalities". I agree with what Sebastian Schmieg said about automation that "it’s actually quite hard to tell how the whole automation narrative will develop".
