# Reading 7 Pretend to be a Bot 

There were a few eye-openers in the reading about digital labor and what a digital worker is. The reading began with Trump’s campaign hiring a Singaporean to translate a powerpoint into a Prezi, a job that isn’t technologically intensive. A digital worker is someone who understands how softwares and technologies work, and in essence they’re able to put their practices into what the client or company wants. The act of utilizing these technologies and softwares could also be called digital labor. However, the reading also defines digital labor as the labor that also goes into the creation and structure of the softwares and technologies. This includes the actual digging of the minerals in the Earth to produce the parts of the technology itself, the assembly of those parts, and implementing the software and systems to bring the machine to life. 

One question that the reading presents is if creating or changing social media profiles is considered digital labor. While altering social media profiles does take time and effort, in my opinion, I do not think that this should be considered as digital labor. Labor is defined as working or performing a task for economic gains. If there was a monetary incentive to alter our social media profiles, utilizing messaging services, or sharing other details, then it would considered digital labor. However, the issue would become an issue of authenticity. Are we really who we say we are on our profiles if we are encouraged to make changes? Are we really genuine about communicating to others if there is a monetary incentive? To introduce artificial intelligence, if this were a real world paradigm, developers could utilize AI to automatically make changes to social media profiles, automatically communicate with others (something that AI does now in some websites), or even be able to automatically share photos and videos knowing that the user will upload to their profiles eventually. Authenticity comes into question again, and at that rate, the internet will be run by humans for machines. 

One quote that reminded me of a previous reading was, “And on the way to the top, beat and disrupt all your competitors. I think it’s safe to say that this produces only a few winners and many losers, increases anxieties and undercuts solidarity among people.” The reading asks why are humans obsessed with work. To answer this, I think that we are obsessed with putting in intense labor because we are able to push ourselves to become the most efficient we can be and gain something valuable; we measure value in the amount of money we make. Students are constantly under pressure to perform better than their peers because it will land them a better chance of being hired by top companies with high-paying jobs. This, in turn, makes the classroom a competitive environment and creates hostility between students. During my time as a digital media student, I felt that the classrooms (at least for DMA) have felt more of cooperative rather than competitive. Everyone is encouraged to help each other, no one is afraid to ask each other for help, and no one is judged for not being able to keep up with the curriculum. As students and as artists, how can we incorporate a more cooperative work-environment and a more society oriented community rather than constantly being in competition with one another and other communities? 
