In the article, “Pretend to Be a Bot, Rehumanize the Web,” Sebastian Schmieg dives into the discussion of digital workers being a software extension. He explains that “being a software extension means that you are extending a computational system by offering your body, your senses, or your cognition.” I find that many of us who use the internet and applications (whether on the phone or computer) are in a sense, a digital worker. We are constantly registering information to a data system. This information includes our location, basic profile information, things we search for online, and so forth. All of the collected data are then fed into a computational system that customizes the device to fit our personal tastes. 

The process of user personalization in order to see customized advertisements leads to the shaping of a capitalist society and economy. Schmieg also brings up the topic of wages. Why do we need to work? During the early stages of child development, we grow up seeing our parents and relatives obtain jobs in order to maintain financial stability. Our parents tell us the pipeline and structure we need to follow in order to survive and combat capitalism. I thought it was intriguing when he mentioned the idea of people pretending to be bots due the bots inability to register what people input. I felt that we enjoy the idea of having a "bot" or machinery that would be able to emit emotions. It also makes me question why we want to build a new type of “lifeform” or system similar to human beings. However, if we head towards emerging AI technologies, would we need bots or humans to do labor work anymore? 

This questions makes me think about the roles we are deciding to partake for our future. The ideology that we need to go to college and take a path towards our future is one we have been shaped by. Emerging technology is leaning towards conveniency. The machines today are built to perform faster and more efficient than humans. But, will it ultimately replace them? If machines were to take over labor work, I feel that humans would still be needed. Hence, machines and humans would act as collaborators rather than competitors. If a machine breaks down, someone would be required to fix it in order to get it up and running again. Like Schmieg states, machines are programmed to perform specific tasks. With AI, the program would be based on human intelligence and emotions as a starting point. So, rather than AI taking over, I would like to think that AI and humans can work together to cultivate each other whether its technologically or biologically.

Schmieg reiterates the concept of humans being cyborgs. He states, “As we are all programming all the time – liking things, placing orders, instructing Siri and Alexa, and so forth – the question is how are we being programmed, how do we program others, and how do we program ourselves?” Technology is a part of the human body, we perform various tasks, learn how to store certain information, and utilize tools. Hence, these technologies influence the way we carry about our own lives. I believe that if AI were to developed, it would collaborate with humans rather than overthrow them.
