## Reading 7
As technology is constantly advancing, we as humans are becoming more and more like the products we use in our everyday lives. This article starts off by talking about how Trump hires a Singaporean teenager to convert a powerpoint presentation into a Prezi presentation for him, which was such an interesting and silly request to me because it is something so simple that anyone can do. Sebastian Schmieg looks into the idea of we as humans being bots and explores the idea of social media’s relation to digital labor. This leads to the question Schmieg posed about if “updating your profile on social media [is] included as digital labor as well” (Schmieg), and I find that eye-opening. Much of what we do on social media today is seen as “normal” because we are so used to it, but if we start looking at the bigger picture, we see how we are so conformed to the world of technology.

If we, humans, are starting to become more and more like bots that are sucked into technology and software, what is the point of creating artificial intelligence (AI) robots or technology if we are becoming them? It’s interesting how Schmieg mentions how “we are the software extensions, training these centralized neural networks” (Schmieg), implicitly stating how we are robots teaching and creating… more robots to do work for us. I thought it was interesting when Schmieg said “maybe in the future, it will be like playing a computer game” (Schmieg), which doesn’t sounds appealing to Schmieg, but actually sounds quite appealing me. 

Can you imagine what it would be like if we didn’t have work and everything we did was technological and considered a game? How would our world look like? Schmieg also states that “we’re already at a stage where people have to pretend to be bots because real bots are just not good enough” (Schmieg), which shows how closely related, involved, and invested we are with our technological world. As an artist, it is interesting to think about how art can be created from robots or can it even be produced by robots. Will robots be able to be as creative as humans are? I agree with Schmieg when he says he doesn’t believe bots can be artists because a machine is unable to be creative itself, rather, there is a person behind it feeding it creative ideas for it to produce whatever the creator wants. It scares me to think about how AI will affect our world and future generations. How will the future operate with only AI? What will our world look like when robots take over?
