The article Pretend to be a Bot-Rehumanize The Web serves as a discussion about the users role in data collection and how the information gathered by users of large company platforms relegates the user to essentially what can be considered a software extension. This in itself is not considered a bad thing by Clara Herrman and Sebastian Shmieg whom are having the conversation regarding the implications of this new set of systems. However, there is a question of the exploitive nature of these systems. The users are constantly providing large companies with data, voluntarily providing a service for no monetary gain. The systems at work here are allowed to maintain this information and use it to maximize the profits of the service, be it monetarily or in regard to power dynamics. This essentially means that users are doing work for these companies, earning these companies ridiculous sums of money and see know return of the companies success and the companies involved are constantly finding new ways to use this information to convince people to continue to work for them. The curators of this conversation discuss how the users of big company platforms can use the same ideas and systems to create their own benefits. They can use technologies that allow for mass data collection and gather the information as build their own AI software that learns and serves the creators personal needs. Its on the people to take control of their web destinies and find ways to use the systems in place to create and spread their art and message.

It is interesting to consider the philosophical implications of viewing humans as software extensions, because, in a broad sense, their presence on the internet lends itself to that being essentially what they do. The way we function online has altered our very nature by allowing us to have access to countless streams of information, which carries limitless potential. At the core of this though is that people are always doing data collection naturally, keeping track of what we sense, storing that information in the form of memories and reactions, and then using that new set of information to craft behavior parameters in which we take into consideration when we perform actions. Bots on the internet doing the same thing, the difference being that they can do this quickly and endlessly as to gather much more significant sources of information. However, bots are not that advanced to the point where they can execute behaviors in the same way humans can and therefore it is necessary to use human beings to fulfill the roles that haven’t yet been able to enact. The human intelligence has far more advanced programming then anything that we are capably able to code so using that on a large scale means you can perform all the actions of bots without any shortcoming or gaps of understanding. Nothing has yet to know exactly how the human mind works better than the human mind itself which will provide more quality data.
