In this article Sebastian Schmieg talks about the idea of digital labor and also talks about his work that mainly deals with the digital world and how people worked digitally. He also talks about the idea of online platforms can be used to be more efficient and valuable. He gives a very broad meaning to the idea of digital labor, because it can be applied to so many things such as just updating your profile page on social media. 
<br>
Overall, I thought of Sebastian Schmieg’s idea and artworks as interesting because of how it correlates to today’s society. Almost everything that used to be done by hand is now being done digitally like buying groceries. We still have the option to go out to the store and buy groceries, but we also must option to buy foods online and which then gets delivered to us. It is as if we are turning into bots, staring at a screen and doing certain commands because some external force is telling us to do so. I know that Schmieg idea of digital labor is different from what I am talking about, but I believe that something such as buying groceries through a digital site can still be considered as digital labor. 
<br>
In the interview, they talk about the idea of users of companies like Google and Facebook should be paying us, because everything we do is part of digital labor, in which Schmieg states that it is a yes and no question, the debatable question is that whether or not generating data should be considered labor. He then also provides some solid explanation that makes me question this whole idea, because like he said, I would not want my friends to spam me messages because they are getting paid for it, but the companies profit out of or actions to use their websites. 
<br>
In the end, I really do not have a solid stand or opinion about this topic about digital labor. It is a difficult topic to consider about and also what categories as digital labor. 

