Some of the underlying ideas of the work were about digital workers extending to be like a software extension. As a digital worker people become software extensions which is like a computational system that offers your body, sense, and cognition. Digital workers become like software extensions because they work based on the minimal instruction that was given to them by the application. For example, if Fiverr were to pay a digital worker to make a poster the worker would have to spend their own art supplies to create the poster to get paid. That means that the digital worker became a software extension because the digital worker had to finish the job with their own supplies even though the application only provided the framework for it. 

I have worked in a sharing economy. I have worked for Doordash which I get a set amount of money that I get paid for and like the article said I had to use my car, gas, etc. and become a software extension. Thinking about it like the article said “They only provide the framework, but do not employ any of the workers offering those services. As a consequence, workers themselves are responsible for their own tools, their own training, and their own health-care. They are software extensions, serving other entrepreneurs”. This makes me a software extension because my job was to only deliver the food to the customer, but I have to use my own gas, car insurance, etc. to finish the job which I think doesn’t really compensate me enough as a software extension. 

Last week’s article about ASI and this week’s ideas are different because ASI and software extension is between the machine intelligence itself and human intelligence. The software extensions are basically what Artificial intelligence has gathered from mining data out of what people do. While ASI is a machine that may or may not have limits to how it could gather its data as long as its programmed to get a certain amount of data. Like the article said companies are competing to see who can get the most data out of people so that they could create the most powerful AI out of our data sets. The macro level of ASI compares to real world applications because it is the data that artificial intelligence has gathered on humans. The data that ASI has compiled on people has been turned to algorithms that match what humans typically do. It is also the same as current AI now because the current AI gathers data on human and makes an algorithm based on that data. The difference between the two is that ASI can probably distinguish and make corrections based on the data it gets while current AI can only do what it was programmed to do.
