When distinguishing between software and people, I think until the day a literal android sitting at a desk if making moral decisions for people, I don’t think the line is quite blurred between software and personal labor. There’s someone still pushing buttons and putting thought into action. Rather than question Trump’s administration for using online freelancing services, they should be questioning why they had a 15 year old girl make a Powerpoint into a Prezi when it’s probably not that difficult. There’s a person on the other side of the Internet. It’s important to remind people that far-away communication is not new. It’s certainly gotten a lot faster and more complicated, but it’s not new. 
I might have a biased opinion on this because I follow a lot of digital artists who specialize in 2D illustrations, and for some reason, people give them a really bad attitude when it comes to paying for commissions. Because they have a lot of followers, they want to pay a commission in “exposure”. Exposure doesn’t pay the bills. But when they’re told this, they throw a hissy fit, and say things like “it’s not that hard”. Well, if it’s not that hard, then YOU do the art…. But I digress.
 What I’m trying to say is that even though digital programs and technology is getting more complex in general, there’s still someone behind the controls, and depending on the machine, that person requires experience and know-how. It’s not all on the machine to do the labor, it’s just easier to achieve higher quality results. I don’t expect a person using a hoe to be able to plow a big field as a person driving a tractor, but I do expect the person driving the tractor to know how to drive it- I’m not going to ask the tractor to do it by itself. The same thing goes for “digital labor”. We’re not really near the level where things are just making themselves autonomously and there’s just a human being supervising the machine, like people think is happening. Even factory machines have to be maintained and repaired by people. 
Although AI is continually being developed by human hands, I’d say it’s far in the future that we will seriously see these kinds of questions actually being answered. If they get answered at all. A robot by definition, is a machine that is able to imitate human actions, but until we give AI their own self awareness, the most they can replicate is just the execution of tasks. If we want to create something that is closer to how humans make decisions, then we’d be better off using biological subjects instead of using machines. We don’t understand our own brains entirely- to replicate the same thing will be nearly insurmountable. 
