<p>What is digital labor? Am I doing it without even knowing? One example of digital labor in the text was doing things like updating your profile and by doing this we are the product of these companies. They take our data and map out what we are doing and where we are clicking to further their business algorithms to appeal to us. Realizing that this is the role we take on when interacting with most of society’s free technology and not getting paid for it seems crazy. But what’s to stop us now since we’ve been doing it for years. It’s the same logic that was put into Schmieg’s “I will Say Whatever You Want In Front of a Pizza” piece.</p>

<p>We are now deep into being living breathing extensions of the software we use. At this point why even create AI? Why not just start implanting the technology we use into our bodies and start from there? That’s basically how we live now, with our phones attached to our person. Which makes us available for companies to track our every activity and interests at any given moment in time. I don’t think there is any going back from this state we are at now because we aren’t going to get rid of all these technologies’ that have made our life’s easier. Schmieg said that it is important to know the difference between software and people but I think there’s no point in trying to differentiate the two if people are already trying to combine them in the form of AI. Plus that’s kind of how we live right now, a combination of the two.</p> 

<p>Coming to the realization that there are very few differences between humans and software in our generation is a scary one to come to and it reminds me of the previous article we just read where Khan addresses why we imagine these AI as scary aliens set out to take over the world. I don’t think anyone wants to imagine a world where humans aren’t superior, and in my opinion worrying about it is a waste of time. We are born to invent and grow and eventually there is going to be a technology as great as an ASI. I think the best thing we can do right now is to prepare and conquer that fear of technology. It reminds me of an approach that a data artist Laurie Frick takes. She accesses personal data of hers such as sleep cycles and where she travels and displays it using colorful squares with the appropriate sizes to symbolize a length of time or a path that she finds in everyday tracking technologies like fit bit or a machine that tracks sleep. It’s a hidden data that we don’t see but could learn so much about ourselves from. She embraces our technologies and the data they keep about us and encourages others to not be afraid but to own and use it.</p>
