## Pretend to Be a Bot, Rehumanize the Web:
The article helps me to raise a question about human pretend to be a pot and artificial intelligence. I have never think about this issue before reading this article. 

First of all, it is the idea of people extending the machine. I have know a lot of people working as a bot. They are hired to stay at one place doing nothing but pressing one button. They are not allow to talk or do anything else because they are hired just to push that button. There are many people doing that kind of job, acting like they are a robot. The job can be done automatically, but people are debating since if the manufacture is 100% machinery, who will be in charge for any problem, and also, millions people will be unemployed. 

The next idea this article mentioned about is digital labor. It has Uber and Fiverr as an example. Customer uses an app to book a driver. After giving a ride, customer is able to rate that driver by his/her way of driving, if he/she give a nice conversation, whether his/her car is clean or not and many more. The rate will be in the driver’s record not only to match with the customer’s requirement, but also to evaluate the driver. The app was written by human, but it is like an artificial intelligence where it does anything people asked for. People nowadays put their profile online using LinkIn, or Handshake or many other apps to spread out their resume. It’s free, convenient and easy to access. In Sebastian Schiemg’s work “Segmentation network”, he said “I see artificial intelligence as a collective endeavor. We are all working on these systems together. At the same time, it’s as a fight between the big platform companies about who will have the most powerful AI…”

Last but not least, the article has touched one of the most interesting problem of how to use AI for art purpose. Schiemg stated that “I’d like to see AI based on collaboration, on curiosity instead of surveillance, on fiction, on small data, on weird data, on ambiguity, etc. Instead of being tedious and exploitative, building an AI could be a communal and playful endeavor which as a practice could us help to think, reflect, and communicate differently.” Take Siri or Alexa as an example. They are artificial intelligence using online information to help user access their requirement easier and faster. This technique is also been used for children such as Talking Tom app when people can communicate with an augmented cat having artificial intelligence. The cat can sometime be really funny since it gathers respond online for a more modern communication.

The current AI is more like collecting the information to help human accessing it easier where ASI is more like a cyborg. Current AI has no though, it only runs by how it’s design for when ASI is harder to control since it has though and is able to learn. One example of ASI is the robot Sophia. She is a robot with human intelligence. She is able to communicate, to think and even dream about her future. As a result, human feel like maybe she’s out of control and the prediction of some science fiction movie of how robot conquer the world will become our near future.
