The underlying ideas inside this work are that everything is moving towards technology so humans are becoming more like robots. We want everything to be fast and convenient which made me think of fast food places where we want everything immediately and if something is wrong we think its a hassle. In the interview, they talk about digital work and referred to it as a software extension to analyze this. We share to the system about our senses body and cognition. They then say “ However, with software creeping into every aspect of our lives, and with algorithmic systems modulating and optimizing flows constantly, being plugged in and then generating data, or being modulated by data analysis, has become a ubiquitous condition”. Which feels like they’re saying you share your information but then it is gathered everywhere else. But then we need to see the difference between what software is and who people are 


As they talk about the gig-economy they said that online platforms such as Uber wins without using actual labor. I have a friend that is an Uber driver where they said people try to trick the driver by entering a different address to get charged cheaper. What I mean by this is that people enter an address that is closer but when they get there they ask the driver to go further down to their actual location. This is a way to cheat the system but then the driver would be ripped off sometimes. There are also cases where passengers are rude to their driver or when the driver talks to them they find it annoying. But the thing is it’s not a machine driving, it’s a real person with life trying to earn money but get treated terribly. 


In relation to last week’s article are that it is a new concept where it is difficult to understand. Last week’s article mentions that AI is like aliens where it is unknown how it will be developed. They talk more about how we should stray away from it but with Sebastian, he wants to connect it to the humans and enhance the idea of it. 
