#### Reading Seven - "Pretend to Be a Bot, Rehumanize the Web" with Sebastian Schmieg

The interview, “Pretend to Be a Bot, Rehumanize the Web” with Sebastian Schmieg, addresses the idea of digital labor and seeing software as an extension of the body. From the beginning, I thought Schmieg’s viewpoint on the digital worker as a software extension to be very interesting and brings up questions about our relationship as the creator of technology and the potentiality behind artificial intelligence. As said in the interview, the digital worker acts as a software extension where we “are extending a computational system by offering your body, your senses, or your cognition.” However, with great advancements in technology, software and algorithmic systems have become more dynamic and efficient that the line that used to define the human creator and the machine has started to blur. With newly improved machinery becoming more reliable and dependable in our daily lives, the need for human participation has greatly decreased. Many jobs are being automated and many are losing their jobs.

Furthermore, the idea of digital labor is brought up. What is digital labor? It seems to me that Schmieg defines digital labor in the sense of labor that is goes into creating and building a certain piece of software or technology, where he includes the ideas of mining rare earth minerals, assembling devices, and developing software. He also mentions that people argue whether updating your profile on social media should be considered as digital labor too. First off, I kind of see digital labor as the result of people who create content for social media, blogs, websites, microblogs, informational sites, etc. They have a certain degree of knowledge about the software and technology that they use and seek to create content sharing sites that are either for fun or for profitable value. Secondly, I generally do not consider updating your profile on social media as digital labor, however, with big social media companies exploiting our data and personal information, I find that side of social media to be disturbing. Maybe we should be paid for providing them our information? But on the contrary, we are deciding to use these platforms on our own will and agree to place our information on these sites. In addition, I do not think that the majority of us update our profiles with the thought of profitability in the back of our minds. Though we do use platforms such as Instagram or Facebook as a way to promote our work, I feel that the reimbursement is more based on the work or product itself rather than the effort that was put into creating the profile (if that makes sense). This also leads back to the idea of AI and bots/robots and how not everything on the internet is what it seems. A lot of fake profiles are created and used to trick others and it is becoming harder to distinguish the difference between a real person and a machine. This reminds me of something I read on before where a group of people simulated a phone call, however, the “person” answering was a machine, not another person. It was scary because the responses were very natural and it was hard to distinguish the difference. 
