After watching Sebastian Schmieg’s video, I was left with the realization of just how fast we process information, and because 
of this how fast the output of information and media needs to be. Due to this need of rapid media and information production, 
“we’re already at a stage where people have to pretend to be bots because real bots are just not good enough.” The difference 
between people and software is slowly becoming more and more blurred. In our monetary based, capitalistic society, efficiency
is held at a higher value than humanity. This can easily be seen when looking at social media. Content creating bots are slowly being  replaced by humans, hired to alter and improve social media profiles. This, in my opinion, is digital labor. Social media is digital labor, even though it may seem to not have a direct fiscal power, social media creates economic benefits through the sale of data information, adds, and sponsorships. Artificial intelligence is now being exploited for financial gain too. For example, Twizoo is a social content platform that uses artificial intelligence to automatically discover and display user generated social media content across a brand’s website. This lets artificial intelligence create content that targets the most viewers possible. 
We are also part of an exploitative gig-economy in which many workers are not directly employed by companies themselves. These
are called “lean platforms” and only provide a framework that these digital laborers can utilize. Instead of receiving fixed 
benefits and wages from a particular company, the forced to be entrepreneurs create services for which they can be hired at a 
fixed price. They are ultimately software extensions, helping this computational system grow by offering their bodies, senses,
or cognitive powers to provide these services.
I completely agree with Schmieg when he says that this entrepreneur way of life is becoming mandatory for all, no matter what
field you may be a part of. It is a very poor system in my  opinion because it pins everyone against each other, fighting to 
be the best. This leads to a mentality of wanting  others to do poorly. Instead, as a community we should be  trying to build
each other up and collaborate with one another, seeing other’s success as our own. When one person has a great idea, that 
should be seen as opening a window for new possibilities as a community/society. AI really plays into this too. According to 
Sebastian Schmieg, many companies are coming together in order to work together to create/improve artificial intelligence. 
However, even though people are now coming together, companies still have their own agendas, trying to build something bigger 
and better than everyone else.
Since this capitalistic mentality is so ingrained into our psyche, I do not believe it is going to change any time soon. But 
with the rapidly evolving technological revolution we have been/are facing everything, including the fundamentals of the 
workplace are changing. Because everything we know is changing and a new central intelligence (AI) is on the horizon, I
believe that if we want to benefit from this change instead of drown in it, we must change this old way of thinking.
