
Reading 7 Pretend to Be a Bot, Rehumanizes the Web

I think Sebastian Schmieg is a really interesting contemporary Net artist who passionate about technology and how it affects our lives. He believes that technology is and always be the part of our lives, but it’s important “to make a distinction between software and people” even though there is no need for that distinction. He states that “being a software extension means that you are extending a computational system by offering your body, your senses, or your cognition”, but it also means that you’re very easy to be removed and discarded. In his works, he explores different ideas, but they are all tight to the exploration of technology and how it shapes online and offline realities. 
<br><br>As I researched, sharing economy is a mode of consumption whereby goods and services are not owned by a single user, but rather only temporarily accessed by members of a network and underutilized assets are shared for a fee. I don’t know anyone who works in this field, but I know that I’m a user of Facebook, Google and other platforms that collect my information and my preferences and sell it to other people even though I’m not aware of it. In thinking about the relation to last weeks article, I think these two sets of ideas are different. First of all, ASI doesn’t exist yet, its just a theory, but the exploitative gig-economy (platforms like Uber) and the extraction of data from everything we do is something that we are dealing with today. Marketing is always been and will be there; it is changing and becoming more effective. Selling our data doesn’t necessarily change our lives, maybe it’s even making it easier for us consumers find things that we need and for business to sell their products. I agree with Schmieg that the “entrepreneur is a mode that is becoming mandatory for everyone”. You really need to be the best you can, have great ideas, work hard, make it to the top, sell and repeat. Life is becoming more and more competitive so you need to the best version of yourself to become successful and technology is a helpful tool to achieve your goals.
<br><br>As I mentioned in the pervious reading response, implementation of Artificial Super Intelligence is something that scares me due to the fact that nobody knows how it will change our lives; they call ASI “God” and something that people can worship to. Is this a new kind of religion? If yes, then it will cause a lot of problems just like every other existed religion. The current AI doesn’t sound that bad and as Schmieg said, “I’d like to see AI based on collaboration, on curiosity instead of surveillance, on fiction, on small data, on weird data, on ambiguity, etc.” That would be interesting to see if this AI would be communal and playful thing which as a practice could us help to think, reflect, and communicate differently. He also says that “the invention of a new technology is also the invention of a new type if accident” that we might have a little control over it.  
