	 Should we be compensated for our obsessive relationship with social media and the internet? Are we in fact doing their job for them?  Sebastian Schmieg presents compelling facts and perspectives on the topic of digital labor in this week’s reading,  Pretend to Be a Bot, Rehumanize the Web with Sebastian Schmieg.  In discussing his many works, Schmieg takes us readers on a journey through the world of digital labor; defining it, explaining it, connecting it to the masses and attempting to predict its future, all while relating it to his own works. 
	 
	 In his work, I Will Say Whatever You Want In Front of a Pizza, Schmieg establishes a relationship between digital labor and people having to act as if they were bots.  In doing so, he ultimately concludes that we humans are software extensions.  I found it interesting to consider humans in this way given that it’s easy for one to make the natural assumption that we use software, not that it uses us. However, Schmieg makes very compelling arguments as to why we are in fact software extensions.  First, online platforms make it extremely easy for everyone to hire and fire people as they see fit (Schmieg 2017).  In addition to this, lean platforms exploit labor such that digital “entrepreneurs” are doing work in no time and with minimal pay.  Also, given that they are advertising themselves on lean platforms like Uber and Fiverr, they are responsible for providing their own tools, trainings and healthcare.  All of this contributes to this idea that humans must act like bots by way of competitive pricing and quick turnaround times so that entrepreneurs seeking these types of business needs opt for actual humans rather than actual bots. 
	 
	Further on into Schmieg’s digital interview, he connects the internet and social media usage of the masses once again to digital labor.  What was extremely interesting in relation to this finding is that while we think we partake in social media and internet usage for ourselves, us users are actually optimizing the services and advertising of platforms like Google and social media spaces.  We do this by simply by completing tasks like Google reCAPTCHA’s and clicking on various links and searches.  In doing all of these things, we the users are essentially training their neural networks and improving their platform algorithms.  So while we think we are using these apps and sites, they are really the ones using us.  
	
	Looking towards the future, the last really interesting thing I found in this interview was Schmeig’s perspective on whether or not bots and machines can be artists.  While many of his answers were open ended throughout, his answer for this particular idea was assertive.  He does not believe machines and bots can be artists, but rather that they do have the capability to create art.  This opinion is one that I agree with.  Schmeig  continues on to specify that “machines and bots just follow a set of rules” (Shmeig 2017) therefore, they’re only doing what they are trained to do.  I agree with this conclusion and it also somewhat correlates with last week’s reading in which we discussed AI and its ability to complete more goals because it lacks built-in human emotions and therefore is capable of doing whatever is necessary to complete said goals.  In my opinion, I feel like that relates for the sole fact of identifying that bots and machines lack things like empathy and other emotions, which I think are pretty necessary in order to be an artist.  
	
	I found Shmeig’s opinions and perspectives both relatable and interesting.  I think he was successful in explaining a spectrum of digital labor, who does it and what it means in relation to the world around us.  Focusing back on my initial question, “Should we be compensated for our obsessive relationship with social media and the internet?” I really do believe that Shmeig’s stance on the idea of digital labor has definitely swayed me in the direction of a “yes.”  It’s really a bit scary that we can be so consumed in the digital world that we don’t realize that essentially, we are free, digital labor bots. 
